Now I can t play game at all .
It crashes at opening every time ! !
Apple really needs to stop letting little kids write all of these infantile reviews for apps .
Most of them don t even know how to use spell check on their phone for heavens sake !
I just love it !
Please get more games soon , can t take the wait !
\\nHi , my aim has improved as has my ability to figure out how to get 3 stars on most all levels .
All I get is `` waiting '' then failed to update .
I updated my iOS software and it s not that or my not_phone .
I know you can do better , Rovio !
Make it like better with a giant pig bigger than king pig .
These screens are small enough without not_crowding in not_more `` stuff '' Tuck it in with the rest of the add ons I never not_use and not_please get it out of my face !
Dear Rovio ; If you absolutely must continue trying to squeeze dollars from your customers this way , at least have the decency to include an opt out for those like myself who are absolutely NOT going to spend an amount equal to what I paid for the app in the first place just to have some gimmicky and expendable in game item .
App crashes when new power up notice pops up .
It would be nice to have an update that didn t crash the app .
App crashes with new release .
I have had no not_problems with not_any of the versions so far .
Please bring back the trajectory line or at least make it to where you can turn it on or off .
This is not not_worth not_buying it will crash right from the beginning .
I will say you should make shock so close to the other buttons because I like to use the birds you provide .
That needs to change .
Since the last update this game crashes constantly and is unplayable .
But how much data do you need to make an animated toon for a 4 inch display ?
It has been cutting out and restarting in the middle of my games , so that I am unable to beat high scores or get more stars .
So , I wish I could play , but the game crashes when I try to open a level .
There is no not_other not_way to say it .
Fantastic game can t stop playing .
Please find a new place to put the bomb power up .
Or make it like star wars # 1 where if you reset it gives it back to you if you don t use it .
Shockwave crashes on level 15 when gas and shock items both hit the piggies in the far right corner .
Great new levels and power up with the electric bomb bird , but why was it placed outside the power up scroll out ?
Please put an indigo bird into the game .
Please put an indigo bird ! ! ! !
And please put an indigo bird !
On this last update why did u put spanish in there ?
The shockwave bird ad doesn t even have a close box so you either have to use the *beep* bird or close the game and wait five minutes for it to reset .
Rovio , please give us a way to play an unadulterated version of Angry Birds ! !
It just make angry bird more fun with the electric shock I can t wait for a new episode of the game ,
The reason it is only 3 stars is because one time I got so freaken mad on how many freaken times you will fail but all out it is fun and extremely addicting so buy it or else ,
This new update is always crashing .
I don t want it , I don t need it , but it s in my face and I can t get rid of it .
Why does it crash so much i mean really I can t get into a single level I can t restore the mighty eagle I can t do anything with this update so fix it now ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ?
The game is really fun but I wish that you could earn coins to buy power ups instead of using real money .
Please take our concern .
It crashed on multiple levels .
I just want a good , normal , fun game that doesn t lag , crash , or nearly force me to buy **** .
But I have to rate it 4 stars because you made the menu worse looking .
Every time I thing this group has gone as far as they can go they have an idea that is neater than the last one .
Just buy birds and win .
S. I am happy to see that the daily rewards have returned to Angry Birds Classic , now you just need to bring back the Daily Rewards in Angry Birds Rio .
As for Angry birds Star Wars II , maybe you could add Daily Rewards for Bird Credits or the `` Credit Generator that gives you credits when you complete levels , like in the PC version .
If not , not_please not_update this suggestion .
Speaking of which , maybe you could add Bird Credits as Dailly Rewards , earned by completing levels that have beeen completed or not , or in not_app not_purchases .
Those credits could be used to purchase things such as Space eagles , Mighty Millenium Falcons , or Power Ups .
I have had this game for a long while and never not_had not_problems , once I updated my phone to iOS 7 , and re downloaded angry birds on an I phone 4 I have not even not_been not_able to play the game but rather fight glitches , not not_full not_screen and will not not_respond .
This game is heavily marketed to kids fine by me , my kid loves the blankets and bath towels and t shirts but they ve added videos to the app you can t turn off anywhere in the settings .
He has learning apps that need the network , which makes this app a pain for me .
I just got the app and every time I try to go on level one , it freezes up and goes off .
I can t even play a level with out it crashing .
I like it but it needs more level updates .
Whoever decided to make the birds go poof needs to be hailed as a god .
That & amp ; it still randomly crashes .
The new levels aren t as fun , and the program crashes regularly on my new iPhone .
Do not not_play not_if you want a life .
Dude perfect juniors , It s a great game just read some other reviews but sometimes I ll go to play and it won t have any progress that I made the last time I played .
Extremely annoying and so I have not not_been not_able to play recently .
Just bought today and haven t had a single chance to play , it crashes 24/7 .
This game needs to be better like really oh my gosh like I love lipstick and I put like it on in school like school is cool I get straight as like really do you dress nice I do really you should ,
This literally IS the best game you can get and if you could only have one app , then choose this one ,
\\n\\nHaven t you milked this enough considering it was ripped off from castle ?
\\n\\nAnd why do you want me to register ?
With all of the updates in iOS and chips since this game was released , honestly , I expected much more from the update to iPhone 5 .
I still play it , just not the not_latest not_v. \\n\\nps : please don t ruin AB Seasons with a similar version .
Haven t had any problems with it and it is always entertaining !
This is almost fun with physics , but the number of levels that require ( paid ) power ups & amp ; perfect aim make it too frustrating to be fun .
\\n\\nAlso , there are periodically levels added , and they ve got AB cartoons available in app now .
I just downloaded the game and now it won t even launch any of the levels .
Beaglelova25 , I just updated the app and the little blue loading bar thingy on the app itself is stuck on full .
I can t open the app , or delete it .
It has just been sitting on my home screen with a blue bar for about 4 days ( I don t remember when the update came out ) and I can t do anything .
No , you can t decline .
You can close the window , but it will be back next level ) I foolishly bought the giant eagle add on ( advertised as unlimited use ) but now it requires a cool down time .
Well , I m sure they need the IAP income .
We re all well aware they re available .
Quit just changing backgrounds .
( I use an iPod touch 4g ) \\nIf it still works good on the newer devices i recommend this game , and if you have an older ish device i d steer clear .
This app crashes all the time especially in the middle of a game !
Please fix that bug because i really like your Vidios so much and if you do fix it i Will rate it 5 stars .
Plz add a super hero angry birds and have batman superman and everyone plz mention me in the game if you make it and have green lantern flash all of the justice league and also please have a marvel one too PLZ and yea thx plz read this Tarik ,
It crashes and it won t keep your progress between other devices if you are not not_online .
So I used to have angry birds before the last two updates But when they updated it all it has is adds and crashes .
Any way the other one was better and you took away everyone s favorite levels !
That would be cool if they did it right ,
So here I am one year later and I want it again .
But everytime I try to open Red s Mighty Feather crash .
Every single time i try to play it , it crashes ,
The game crashed and deleted all my progress .
And the new power of the red bird , directional targeting , kinda goes against the appeal of the original game you fire a bird and can t change it s direction .
Why do you keep messing with a good thing ?
Great upgrade but why is everything written in Japanese ?
Glad they neatened up the mechanic , and added normal levels !
If u hate it , then you are going to forget it !
It crashes ,
The game is perfect and I don t understand why so many people hate what you added in the new update ... .well personally and honestly I LOVE the new update but is it ok if Rovio adds a new bird ?
How about an owl ?
Surely they could use some help.but if so you people at Rovio did a amazing job with the update.just add an owl !
DrBisquit , Here s my review for Red s Mighty ( Crappy ) Feathers : it s just not not_fun .
Dont get this every time you try to play it goes to the iPod menu .
And to all those people that plan to quit cuz they dont like these moving targets ... just dont play those !
All the new `` updates '' have only given me constant lagging and crashing , and I can t even play Red s Mighty Feathers .
Every time I minimize the game during play and then hit the home button to do something else , then open it back up to resume , It crashes and I have to start the game all over again ! ! ! !
I think you re just trying to push the `` bad piggies '' concept too far .
A fun game if you are looking to kill time .
I tried to get back into this game but I m just not not_becoming a not_fan of the franchise anymore .
I love the game but it needs more levels .
Adding the time component makes this no not_fun .
The black birds should have cannons .
Please make the game rovio .
Just delete the red feather off the next version .
I would tell everyone it s great , play the game and see .
If you re looking for a new challenge , I highly recommend this update .
Games now a day need story to be good , and all of the App Store goes against that saying that `` if you want a story you should write a book '' you are a bad developer and I hope you go bankrupt , because you are already creatively bankrupt .
On my iPod Touch 4 , the app crashes whenever I try to open the new level .
Rex s Mighty Feathers levels are fast paced and require multiple frustrating losses before I can figure out what I m supposed to be doing in the level I m on , let alone progress to the next level .
Is there anyone that can tell me why I can have a whole world completed , but the next random time I decide to play and the game loads up , it deletes all my progress as if I never not_played the not_levels I actually completed .
Rovio , you just made a new level be crap .
As others said , interesting concept but the lack of birds to use , response time , and targeting system create a very unpleasant gaming experience .
I can t beat lvl 23 on surf and turf .
\\n\\nI don t get why you have to put ads for your own games and when I don t beat a level you prompt me to use a powerup .
Even though I m only on the 5th episode I can tell Red s Mighty Feather s is gon na be AWESOME ! ! !
I thought thats what they created all the various spin offs you had to buy for .
I don t even believe it deserves the one star I had to give it to post this review .
As soon as I get to the level selection the app crashes .
On F 15 , you have to wait three seconds to even try a restart while you watch the pig fly .
Please remove it from the game .
I updated this app .
So not only has not_Rovio not_failed to provide any challenges , but they seem to feel the need to pimp their power ups ever few levels , it s like receiving spam as a reward for every couple of minutes you play , for this reason alone I will not not_buy not_another Rovio game !
I hate this update I wish they didn t even make this update its so stupid and boring ruined the whole game .
Just so you know rovio I love the new levels theyer a great idea ,
I think it would be cool if you added a level creator where you could make levels and share them with friends .
While I am playing the game I want to go to a different board and when I tap on one it will close me out of the app completely and I will try to do it again and the same thing will happen .
So please take my advise Rovio .
That s the last time I will update .
On the right path but , you need to include `` all '' angry bird types and increase the difficulty .
I just downloaded the new update and every time i try to play a level it crashes .
what happened to the music ?
DRodriguez89 , Never mind the endlessly infuriating new levels or the cacophonous new intro music that sounds like it was composed by someone trying to mock carnivals ... how can Rovio calls this an update at all ?
It crashes when I click on a level ,
I can only hope you will try to redeem yourself by staying true to what angry birds was originally about .
I agree this would be good as a separate game but maybe try to stick to the normal layout for this game ?
They would tell you a change this abrupt would not not_be not_effective and would in fact lose some of your fanbase .
It is super frustrating because the aim is off .
But , that is what they made the other Angry Birds Games for !
What they should have done , was create a whole different game for these new kinds of gameplay .
Why try to change it , if it didn t need to be changed to begin with ?
Please go back to the original AB ! ! ! ! ! !
Instead of wasting money on new levels just get a new game .
But since this is only an opinion i would truly suggest with whatever you feel like since it is your $ 0.99 ,
Sure , it s different from the previous levels , but it s unique and could get a bit challenging if you play the whole thing instead of just playing two levels and saying it s horrible .
I m sure there will be more levels of the same classic Angry Birds coming soon , so all the complainers need to take a seat and be patient .
The new levels aren t fun and now I don t even get daily power ups for the other levels , I wish I never not_updated the not_game : ( : ( : ( : ( ,
It crashes every time I go into a level and I just can t play it so I know that s probably my iPod 4s fault , but ehhhh , it s great .
Game crashes every time I try to open it .
Please , no more not_updates not_like this .
just read your reviews ALL one star with nothing but complaints .
The mechanics are completely different , the strategy/problem solving aspect is totally gone , and if your shot is so much as a pixel off from what the developers apparently intended , you essentially fail and have to restart the level .
\\n\\nIt could be improved with some fixes , an letting the player have a fair shake .
Game crashes .
I can t even play it because it crashes when I open it up .
I see your logo and the Angry Birds picture then it crashes .
App crashes about every other board I play and have to restart the whole app .
With the new upgrade that added the new level I am no longer not_getting the not_daily power up ( I think that s what the are called ) birds .
Devon101010 , It doesn t even load and only crashes .
Every time I try to play the new episode it always crashes but never the not_other not_episodes ,
Can you add something to make it easier ?
After years and fun hours playing all the versions of Angry Birds I just deleted the original .
Adding a `` version '' of Bad Piggies to the classic Angry Birds was a stupid move .
I am a huge Angry Bird fan , and was from the beginning but the new update is not not_what not_I expected .
It often crashes too I hate it .
I m sorry to say this but Rovio , u just lost a huge angrybirds fan .
As a certified Angry Birds fanatic I can tell you that this latest update completely misses the mark .
Apparently product management at Rovio decided that it would be a good idea to completely change everything about the game that has made it a global smash global hit .
Starting with the slow ramp up of every level where you have to wait a painful amount of time for the piggies to approach the slingshot to the moving targets and poor aiming abilities of the bird .
\\nHint : It might be a good idea to perform actual user testing with real life customers before changing the core value proposition and nature of the world s most successful multitouch game .
\\n\\nPlease , please , please go back to the simple , FUN gameplay that made Angry Birds such a joy to play .
I ll gladly take my money back since the developers should be fired and a new crew hired !
Do NOT download this game because Rovio has ruined the game that we ve come to love , and if you have the game , don t update it !
Rovio needs to fix the game and get rid of the new levels , or else they re going to lose a lot of fans and the franchise is going to fail !
My game crashes on the new levels but lets me play all the other ones ,
Maybe Rovio s planning to make a game with that gameplay and is testing the waters to see if people like it .
The new update has a huge bug that causes some of the missions to have the targeting locked on a certain point no not_matter not_where you press .
I needed to report a bug .
I love the new Reds Mighty Feathers but for some reason , ever since I updated it , the classic Angry Birds isn t giving me my Daily Reward anymore .
Please fix it .
I just hit the mighty eagle by mistake .
Since there s a `` waiting period '' before you can use it again , I would have preferred to use it on a different level .
If there was a way to automatically `` gray '' them out once you release the bird , I would give it 5 stars .
Whenever I click a level on my iPod touch , it crashes automatically .
I confirmed to update this game 5 days ago .
Has just barely started installation .
Ever since i got the update every time i click a level the app crashes .
Game was fun till the ads I was planning on buying their other games but not not_so not_sure now ,
The pigs start moving towards the egg , and you just have to start shooting .
Don t think , don t strategize , just start shooting and hope you win .
Whoever is in charge of adding new levels should be fired .
I m still giving angry birds 3 stars , since my little brother loves this game so much , but please do better next time .
New level lacks what made everyone love Angry Birds in the first place , and seems to be designed for toddlers .
Just make traditional levels for angry birds and angry birds seasons .
Please undo last update .
Then I made the mistake of thinking that uninstalling and then reinstalling the app might help .
Please , please fix these bugs .
For whatever reason it has been crashing when I try to go to a different level .
But where is the precision and attention to responsiveness ?
This should have been introduced as an entirely new ( but still crappy ) game , rather than as a new `` level '' with no not_resemblance to the not_original formula .
This level needs to be scratched .
\\n\\nThe person that made this call should be fired ! ! ! !
Please take this crap level off of the game and give us more regular Angry Bird levels .
Please change it to the older music or I ll delete it !
\\n\\nAB is not an not_action not_game , and the whole idea of racing against a clock is counter to what made the strategy of flinging birds so much fun .
Please do something to make it more interesting , or stop designing these ridiculous new levels .
The much bigger problem is that after I downloaded the app , my iPhone 5 began to overheat in my pocket .
The new update combines all the not not_fun of not_Bad Piggies with illogical , frustrating gameplay and the ruination of everything that made the game fun .
Thank Zeus for A.B . Star Wars & amp ; A.G. Space because this just cuts the b**ls off everything that made the game a global phenom .
Why change a good thing ?
Every time I try to open it , it crashes .
Rovio took a risk by adding something fresh and different and it works great .
The new levels are fun and for me quite challenging I checked angry birds nest and it appears that you are also adding classics but bad piggis needs more golden eggs but despite that I m looking forward to classic update\\n\\n From the pigges ,
I think the new idea for reds angry feather is great !
I can t believe Rovio went to all this trouble to turn a perfectly fun and addicting game into a game that should just be thrown in the trash ! ! !
Whenever I try to play the new levels , the app just crashes .
It crashes onto iPod 4th gen it won t even let me go to the gameplay ,
Just shoot same bird over and over again .
They always fail .
I don t like Bad Piggies and I don t like Rovio ruining Angry Birds by adding BP elements .
Works ok with iPhone 4 and IOS6 , but now crashes EVERY TIME on 1st Gen iPad running IOS5.1 , so , as I said . . . ,
It took me a while to figure out how to play the new update .
Please add new birds .
Please lose all of your ads !
Please help on the new update every time I try and go on birds of a feather it keeps taking me out .
\\n\\nRovio I must ask : why did you diverge from the original Angry Birds games ?
Just give me some birds , a slingshot , pigs to aim at , some gravity , a few things to knock down and I m happy .
\\n\\nThat said , please listen to what your customers are telling you .
If we say we want the original format , that s what you should stick with .
The new update takes the worst , most uninteresting bird in the game and makes it the only bird available .
Add to that the unobtainable three star rating system where you have to complete the level using less not_than not_10 12 birds but it takes 30 40 to complete each level due to only having use of the lamest bird in the bunch and what is essentially a timer on each level .
Stick with the elements of the game that made it a success to begin with !
But the latest level just takes this game to a new level of low .
\\n\\nHonestly , was this designed for a group of semi literate morons who need to be hand held through the game ?
There is no not_excitement not_here .
When I tried playing the new level , it crashed !
I like angry birds a lot but I don t like when I click on the app then when go to red feathers then I can t play because it exit out itself please do something ?
The new update is having trouble can t seem 2 play it every time I click on it it crashes please make a update 2 fix bugs for it ,
Angry birds used to be really fun but now it is too hard and there are too many bugs ,
Normally I am super super excited when new boards are available on Ny and all the versions of angry birds !
Sorry Rovio this new level just doesn t do it for me .
I don t get it you just have to tap and it does the work for you .
You ll lose interest and soon delete it , just as I have done .
Then you ll avoid any future games from these developers , just as I intend to do .
When I go to play the game it just take me out please fix and when I went to see a video of the end of the world it just exit me out so fix it !
it crashes every time i tap in it !
I love the new update but there is a bug that crashes the game on cutscenes .
, 2 , Icyboyswagg , All other worlds crash except the first one ,
I am hoping Rovio gets the message and sticks to adding regular levels in the future .
Awesome update thank you this is awesome I can t wait for the next levels ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Cristy Graham , I usually love angry birds and can t wait for new levels however , I HATE the new level called `` red s mighty feathers ) point made ! ! !
I just want to thank those who didn t like the latest update and posted their reviews .
We ve been tapping where the birds go since day one , why is it locked to the pigs in the new levels ?
Rovio , why do you still try to make bad piggies happen ? ?
It wasn t broken til you tried to fix it .
ive been playing and enjoyed angry birds since the beginning but levels like the ones released in the newest update just turn me away .
cant play new levels when i open it crashes please fix ,
They are very boring and require little strategy .
It crashes every time I load one level .
I ve had the Angry Birds app for 2 3 years now , but this update is so bad , I got frustrated and just deleted the entire app .
Rococo always updates all their games with new levels , which is great , they update more than any other app or series of apps I know .
For those of you that don t like it , you ve got 4 other angry birds games where you just launch birds at pigs if that s what you enjoy .
Do not not_like not_this new version .
What happened to the angry birds I have loved ?
Shoulda made it a new game , I loved the game until the new levels .
It just kicks me out of the game ,
But I can t resize the screen like I could on the previous versions .
Please give us a normal update , or even a slightly different version like the last AB Seasons update .
When I try to open a Red s Mighty Feathers level , the game crashes !
The new levels introduce twitch play , where you have to do things quickly and just at just the right time/way to win .
The game won t even load now that I updated the app .
Each time I try to play the newest levels on my iPod Touch it crashes .
When play the first level it crashes ! ! ! !
New game play is horrible and stripped of all the elements that made angry birds fun .
I used to love angry birds but after the new update whenever I try to play the new level the app stops altogether but it works fine for the rest of the levels rovio better fix this soon ,
I can t play the new part since it keeps crashing on me , please fix it ,
Why isn t it different on the App Store ?
I love angry birds , this update just needs bug fixes .
It crashed when I tried playing a level .
Can t play because it crashes constantly !
These new levels are insane , they need improvements so that we can actually aim at other stuff instead of just the pig , it s rigged ,
Heath Aston , It s not not_working for my not_iPod fourth gen . It doesn t even let me get to the actual gameplay ,
I need episodes like birdday party or danger above ,
Whoever created the newest levels should be reevaluated because they are absolute garbage ,
When you update this app , installing sequence is frozen .
This is the best game I have ever played but I think you should make something where you can make your own levels .
That would make this game a lot more fun because once you complete the game there are more levels that you can play that aren t part of the campaign .
It so much a junk kids should love to learn they shouldn t be on there iPod iPad or whatever all day they need to learn to get a life ,
Sure the AB Toons are great , but Rovio needs to let people turn off cellular data usage as a setting .
Sometimes whenever I play Angry Birds , I can t stand with losing cause it can be hard sometimes cause the green pigs can be hard to get .
Please make the toons not not_need not_Wi Fi .
I am very satisfied with every Angry Birds game \\nAnd if I could add more stars I would\\n\\n555,555,555,555,555,555,555,555,555,555,555 stars for me ,
And even after paying real life money to unlock the eagle , you can only use it every so often .
Please add the dotted path again .
I can get a BETTER game then this any day I don t understand why angry birds is so popular it s sooo simple and BORING I had this app for two days and took it off ?
There just making a bunch of money off this game t shirts stuffed animals ... you would think it was the best thing in the AppStore !
But it would be better if you made angry birds 2 ! ! ! !
This game is worth the conspipated crap that just exited my butthole ,
Please change the notification sound to default .
I just received a notification message with a sound that sounded like a crazy person laughing .
Please make the notification sound the system default .
The fans made it # 1 , not not_Apple .
My phone crashed and when I reinstalled everything , I no longer not_had the not_Mighty Eagle which I had already purchased .
But now every time I go to this app it automatically goes home , so now I can t even play .
I love angry birds but it needs more levels with the big red bird and the pink bird ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I LOVE THIS GAME , but needs more levels with pink bird , and a new world ,
Mines crashing ,
You guys need to fix this ! !
I used to love this app but when ever I try to do anything it crashes and won t let me open it again ,
Angry Birds is a great game and if they made a jurassic park one I would buy it right away !
I don t have a good sense of what actually kills the pigs , versus just wounding them , and any results I get don t seem at all repeatable from one attempt to the next .
As a result , failures are frustrating because the controls fight my attempts at precision , and successes are unsatisfying because it feels like I just caught a lucky break .
But I just don t get it .
I am ready to delete the game b/c I can t stand getting these text msgs .
Can t believe I just noticed it .
It is difficult to know how to start .
If you see a large `` play '' button in the middle of a screen , you would assume it starts the game , but no , it just not_brings you to not_another screen to try to sell more games .
Only problem is icons on upper left of screen get in the way and hide the bird .
It may be disabled but still shows gray icon .
Rovio frequently updates the game with more content/levels .
The star rating thing today is plain boring I would like to see the star rating music again ,
Please make an update that will not not_crash the not_app .
Ive even tried deleting it and downloadin again but but dont do no not_good !
However , the physics system is completely inconsistent doing the exact same thing over and over will give you different results every time , which means you can t be `` good '' at this game , only lucky .
The best app to have when you are mad just fling the black bird and blow up a pig or six I goten two free sofar this one and rio .
I ve play the game before and I just now downloaded it for free but it keeps crashing on the first level .
Angry Birds used to only take up about 20 MB of space on my disc now its eating up a whopping 176 MB of space is there anyway possible that an update could reduce the scale of this game ?
Every time I open it , and the first level begins to load , the app crashes .
I hate how you have to wait for it to load up before you can play .
I ve talked to others who have had the same issue .
I love this game but now with the new update or levels or something it crashes & amp ; goes slow at times..please fix ,
Chill out , you just got the game for free and you re arguing about this pointless stuff .
I like the new levels but crashes to much ! ! ! !
It crashes every time I go to play a level I love this game and want to freaken play it , it s by far one of the best games on the App Store now only if it would work 3 I m using my iPod 4g iOS 6.1 ,
Why you waiting for ?
Jeannielopez777 , It always crashes every time I try to load a level .
Please fix this .
`` love this game , can t stop thinking about it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ?
So all the complainers must have been recently born .
when I click on the first level it crashes everytime !
I like it but each time I try out onevif the first levels it crashes ,
Im just wondering : why the f is this so popular ? ?
You should provide the way to get all achievement or just increase app price ( include Unlimited use of Mighty Eagle ) so true gamer should know how they should pay if they want to complete game challenger at 100 % .
Create a great game , then made you down a bad company .
On a level i cant beat whenever im about to win it lags on me and i fail ,
I love this game and please put Bad Piggies next time !
Every time I try to open it , it crashes and I can t even play !
Please fix this !
I don t need to see a leader board .
I just put angry birds on my I phone , it played fine , I closed out of it , and when I went back into it the sound doesn t work !
Finished level 22 2 but it doesn t load your final score at the end so can t move on to the next level .
When i press the 1st level it crashes i can t play anything ,
This game is old and if you think it s unfair they made the game free for a little bit you have problems it was 99 cents ,
Please update it or do anything so i can be able to play .
The game is really really fun it s just that I wishes u guys wouldn t have made it so hard to get the golden eggs like getting 3 stars on two full pages now that s jut retarted so plz fix it or make it easier to get them but overrall a great game ,
To get 3 stars , you need to spend money .
When I go to the 1st level , it crashes .
The fact that is now available for free , just without not_words .
Thanks for the app please keep new updates coming .
Please remove your company logo off the app icon Rovio !
why somebody didnt see this like a good game for relax ?
Just updated to version 3.1.0 & amp ; completely lost all progress .
Worthless when the app crashes every time on 22 2 ,
This game is awesome especially how it is free and all the new features they have added are very good .
What happened to the one you have to pay ,
I want to stab the pigs when they grin after you fail a map .
I can t get passed the first level because it crashes ,
Game crashes every time in the new update : / ,
It crashes when i start the first level
I just redownloaded it after not not_having it for a not_while .
Just out of principle I m thinkin of deleting the game .
Please take that junk off of the otherwise beautiful icon that we love .
It starts off slowly , as you just throw red birds , after they introduce more birds , ( around level 15 ) the game becomes more strategic .
It crashes as soon as i get to load the level ,
I just got a new iPod and when I tried to download the mighty eagle it wouldn t let me .
Dear Rovio , please remove your company logo from the previously beautiful Angry Birds logo .
Players can create their own levels and submit them via Internet on a mobile device or computer .
\\nAll you have to do is : \\n Go to FeaturePoints ( dot ) com\\n Enter FIY2UE into the Referral Box ( You gain extra points ) \\n Download Free apps or refer friends\\n Get Free Points\\n Get your Free iTunes Card !
Great game but you need to put create your own levels in the next update ,
No new levels added for months now .
Why can t it look like it did when it first came out ?
Please bring back that look we had in version 1.5.2 in the next update .
I just realized that you had to update it !
The way it s set up is amazing .
My game crashes at the logo screen .
By far an overall awesome app but it needs an update ,
I am not a not_fan of not_frequently accidentally hitting the adds and being taken out of the game , to safari and then to the app store just because I paused the game to restart a level .
It provides months of short , 5 10 minute , entertainment .
When you are bored , having trouble sleeping , waiting at the dentist , or just need a break , this games provides a moment of entertainment .
It has loads of levels and layers and provides a challenge for every style of gaming .
But I agree with TuckTuck , a level builder would be cool , also we need some new birds too !
Please consider ! !
Please pass this on to Rovio and maybe they ll consider it in future games !
You guys should try to make more levels , where while the birds are at the beach the pigs go under water with the eggs , or maybe they would hide in a whale .
Why do you need Open GL 2.0 ?
Please fix that .
Go to the App Store and get the first AB game you can find then ask a friend how to play .
I got a new phone and the stars didn t go to the new one I am mad please make it where you can keep the distance in the game .
Please fix issue for iPhone every time I m playing the game and a phone alarm , incoming call , text , etc pops up ( which I hit the snooze or ok button ) the sound then goes off the game and the only way to fix it is to reboot phone ) .
My only complaint is that some stages can be exceedingly difficult but still one of the best iOS games available !
I absolutely love angry birds but sometimes there r levels I can t beat very fast and it ends up taking forever .
\\n\\nThere is 1 bug that I ve seen : sometimes when ur phone is switched to silent , and u turn silent off , the sound does not not_come on not_regardless of the sound settings in the app .
I don t know exactly how to reproduce the bug , but when i have the problem it is something like : use the app when the phone is on silent , leave the app for an extended period of time ( 24 or more hours ) , then return to the app , then flip your phone off silent , and there is no not_sound .
My iPhone 4 running iOS 6.0.1 had the same problem .
I just recently got an iPhone and immediately downloaded angry birds from my iTunes account to keep playing .
Recently , every time I open the app it loads for about thirty seconds , and then it just crashes .
I bet it s just a bug .
I would love if you saw this review and tried to update the app so it doesn t crash anymore .
I feel if you have an iPhone and you buy the mighty eagle then you get a iPad or iPod and download this game on them , since you can do it for free I feel if you already bought the eagle that should be included for free as well .
If you are ever stuck on a level , just buy the big bird once for a dollar and use it on as many levels you want !
No new updates come on ever since angry birds Star Wars came there were no not_new not_updates wars next there going to make an angry birds ninja for them and roivio how s that for an idea or angry birds Greek gods choose so I can have fun with my iPod touch 4g just choose the ideas that I told u ok and stay cool plz I love u guys ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Why are pigs stealing eggs ?
Why are they green ?
Why do birds even need a slingshot , can t they just fly anyway ?
and why would you want the same game on more then one of your iPod , iPad , iPhone ?
I have a factory refurbished older iPad and it can not not_run not_IOS 7 .
I went in to print out my schedule request form , so I clicked the `` print '' icon but it crashed on every attempt .
\\nMenu disappears\\nCan t rename files\\nMoving files sometime fails and without a not_cited not_reason .
Why keep on asking when I already said no not_?
Second , why not not_use not_background update feature of ios7 to do it , rather than the awkward location based method ?
It wont even let me change tabs , then crashes .
Ledmetallicadc , After updating , it logged me out and every time I try to log in , it crashes immediately .
Drop box as a service is rather annoying as it seems to be made for old people who haven t made the jump to collaborating in real time in the cloud .
What is wrong with you people ?
Why are you following Apple s lead with the crappy , dull , uninspired look ?
Ever since iOS 7 update , Dropbox has not not_worked not_; constantly crashes , when it does run it is EXTREMELY slow , and there are problems with camera uploading .
Movies should be separated out from videos , just like in the Photos app .
Why I can t I upload photos from my camera roll one at a time instead of the entire camera roll ?
Please change this .
I even set up a different box to try and fix it thinking my original box was the problem .
I can t do anything .
rugg31 , Flat out will not not_open on a not_new iPad Air ,
What happened ?
All these updates , and I still can t rename things ?
And I never not_added not_anything to my favorites .
JohnInThisLife , Why did you drop support for earlier IOSs ?
Why no not_backward not_compatibility to iOS 6 ?
I think it is a huge mistake to do so .
I have been a Dropbox user for years and , unfortunately , must look for another solution unless an iOS 6 version is made available again .
This app needs to support older OS versions !
Similarly every single app that gets updated to a `` beautiful '' ios7 look is one I will not not_update .
This should Really be fixed !
And you still can t upload videos ! !
Is it just me , or is anyone else having the problem where the app won t even open at all ?
I need to save my photos .
I ve never not_had not_any issues with it and have been a user for years .
The app doesn t work unless you have the iOS 7 update and not not_all not_devices have that update so they should really fix this .
I now see that you must have IO7 or better for the app .
Please , please give us the ability to rename files from this app .
I ll rate 5 once you can view `` .
I still can not not_believe that the not_team at Dropbox STILL hasn ?
Sez needs software update but Apple sez software is uptodate .
It would allow me to get work done on my phone and edit files on the go for projects .
Only thing is they need to offer better customized pricing for upgrade plans .
Please , please FIX this video upload issue .
\\nI would turn off automatic uploads , but i need my regular photos to upload .
Please please please these are easy changes ... it used to be this way so make it go back ! ! !
Please fix the syncing issues with the iPad app .
Trying to automate it would be good if it worked , but it doesn t. ,
Why everything is so white ?
The pictures show a white background just like the iOS7 photo app .
U Dropbox employers improved mostly everything , but in the app it should have the ability to rename files , whereas the web version can .
Ask me if I would like to use background uploading only once and remember my preference don t pester me every time I open the app to turn that feature on .
My only issue is that it still is taking FOREVER to upload videos I recorded .
And all the time that it is uploading I have to keep tapping to keep my iPad awake ( because there is no not_`` not_Do Not Go To Sleep '' setting for this app ) AND you have to keep it in Dropbox because it can not not_upload in the not_background .
I love this app , just wish it had a few more setting options or resolved the uploading video issue .
How can we use it ?
Not sure why it would not not_allow not_this function ?
If I can t use the documents in drop box on my iPad in a useful way then what s the point in being able to access them ?
Dropbox needs to correct this issue immediately .
Also , any chance that the ability to open and read .zip files could be added .
\\n\\nSeriously , we still can t rename files .
After all these updates we can t rename files from the iPhone and iPad .
Please add this feature in the near future .
Oh , it still asks for the code I ve set , but I can t type in the code .
I use DB ALL the time but with sensitive info need the pass code issue fixed !
But every time I open it on my iPhone 4 is either crashes or it continuously pulls up a messiah making it hard to close .
Even after the current update just a day ago it is still crashing on IPhone ! !
This needs to be fixed .
richshome , I just finished the newest update and now I can t open my old iWork files .
Something is not not_working not_here .
This update fixed NOTHING !
I don t see why DB needs them and I won t budge !
While the preview pane is still there the app just tells me the file name and size and does NOT display the content .
Works great , never not_crashes .
The point of this is files right ?
Please fix this !
hawaiirocks , Trying to open excel file is like playing a game of chance ... you have to keep tapping until it works .
Very frustrating if you have to view many files ,
is there any way it won t take up as much space ?
You people need to fix this ! ! !
This is crashing every time I attempt to open something saved .
I recently updated my Dropbox app for my iPad with retina display .
Only way to stop the constant downloads is to delete and reinstall the app .
I shouldn t have to change my phone settings so that the screen doesn t automatically lock just to upload pictures , plus it would murder battery life to have the phone unlocked all the time .
Rebooted phone , logged out and in of app , reinstalled app nothing seems to fix it .
Since the update I am unable to use anything in Dropbox because it is constantly crashing .
\\n\\nCan you please integrate a spam filter feature so I can select and identify senders from which I no longer not_wish to not_receive emails .
Why did you break what was already working ? ! ! ?
I ve been using Dropbox for years for school work and it s saved me plenty of times when I forgot to pick up my papers from my printer .
\\n\\nI really wish you could improve the music player though .
Great app I love the new design but with the new update when you try to share a link to a specific file that has a space in the file name I have to manually replace the spaces with % 20 so it will hyperlink correctly .
This used to not not_be a not_problem .
A multi million dollars company so useless , don t know how to create rename file or folder feature in this app .
I have not not_had not_any problem with this app since I found out about it .
Please fix ASAP !
\\n\\nMinus : definitely has syncing problems .
There is no way it not_downloaded and not_cached that much again .
Needs more work , until then this will be sitting on my extras folder .
However since the last update I can no longer not_open my not_Excel files and 25 % of the time I can t open my Word files .
Please bring back the darker background or give us the option to change it .
Looks nice , but for some reason I can t open some files in Pages and Numbers .
The `` Open In '' option is available in some iWorks documents , but not not_all .
Most of the time I just get the gray screen .
Web research shows others have same issue but no not_fixes have not_worked for me .
\\n\\nChat with Apple Support says it is a DropBox issue .
The idea is wonderful and very helpful .
One feature they should add is being able to import multiple photos to camera roll , then it be better .
No issues but it just bothers me to see the number of photos that need to uploaded stuck on the icon .
jnine83 , The left hand menu/sidebar no longer not_minimizes not_so that you can expand the view of the document you are viewing please fix ! ! ! !
Never had a problem with App .
Please restore the functionality we count on .
I download a 700 mb file and open it in a app I really don t need to have it in two places on my iPad .
However , please create a format for the iPad .
which is an obvious and very basic problem to miss .
My other complaint is that you can no longer not_adjust the not_size of a photo when uploading .
I really love how Dropbox update design .
Never crashed , works as expected .
Drop Box needs to fix this issue .
It needs to be faster .
What happened ?
is ok , but not not_enough not_space as I would like , I would like to see a pro DROPBOX app with 20 GB of space for a fix cheap price , I think is a better idea .
Sticks on loading for a few seconds then crashes .
I can t view .
Every time I try to open it , it crashes .
I like the app but I can t stand that it won t let me get rid of the notifications in the camera roll tab .
I don t want it to use location , so why must it be so insistent ?
Some things I d really like to see are the albums I created on Dropbox.com .
I have recently decided to move my pics to DropBox and would like to have them available at all times on my phone , in my albums .
U hav been fixing other things why not not_this not_?
A user friendly app would hold the place of whatever you are reviewing .
You can t even open the app it just closes as soon as you try to open it ,
It was an awesome app and then it crashes EVERY thine I launch the app .
Open crash open crash open crash .
It crashes every time I try to open the app ,
SedaBr , Just downloaded the app in my iPhone .
How am I supposed to be able to redownload or do anything while I am unable to even try downloading again or see it on my phone .
Why can t I rename my files ? ?
But renaming is an issue .
birdcrazy11 , I have a shared folder with knitting magazines in it , and have never not_had a not_problem opening them most are 30mb to 51mb .
Now for the last few months , I try to open a magazine and the app crashes , I can not even not_send the not_file to email or any other apps , it still crashes , so I now can not not_open not_anything but really small single patterns .
Update 11/27/13 Upgrade still does not not_provide not_basic features of desktop product .
\\n\\nOriginal review : \\n\\nWhile Dropbox has good reliable syncing ability which itself makes it good to use , there are other issues that they neglect to fix over a long period of time .
I tried it on two iPhones and and iPad ... does it on all ... doesn t matter if you have Internet access or not not_which not_should not not_anyway not_be required to access your offline favorites .
\\n\\nOn the desktop side , they still do not not_provide an not_option to include folders from outside a designated `` Dropbox '' folder .
While alias tricks often work , they sometimes stop working and need to be re setup .
They are too big and don t provide helpful support .
Is $ 99.99 for 100 GB ( to be paid EVERY year ) really the most competitive rate you can offer in today s growing , consumer cloud market ?
Michael921 , I m very disappointed that I can t open most excel files anymore !
Just don t like the white icon .
There is no way to not_override it .
Even if you hours of battery left on your iPad , the app will not not_work .
It s obviously caching files ; I d just rather it not not_take not_over 1Gb of my phone s storage .
This means , I can look at my Numbers spreadsheets , but I can t `` open in '' Numbers , so I can t work with those spreadsheets or enter any info on them .
Please fix this ! ! ! ! !
Is there any way to get Version 2.3.2 back ?
It has the best quality I need : flawless ,
The old format was bad enough trying to find the right articles , with the new layout it is pretty much impossible for me to select the files I need by name .
The only problem by now is that it is not not_sincronized the not_loading bar in the Favorites tab ( when you download something on your tab ) with that in Files tab , but overall 5 stars .
If I need to send a file to someone like an attorney , they may not not_use not_Dropbox , and it s ridiculous to expect me to talk them into setting up a Dropbox account and explain how it works .
Can t access my files with the recent update the app just closes .
Takes twice as long to load documents and if they re password protected you have to constantly enter it even if you just turn the ipad .
Fortunately , I knew the song well enough to fake through it , but this update needs to be reviewed , you ve got a bug .
I can t even open up this app , right when I tap on the app it crashes .
But why does location need to be enabled ?
AKFarmer , Well , it seems that this app will no longer not_work with not_any IOS prior to IOS7 .
Is there some way to go back to a previous version and use that ?
What was wrong with the old icon ?
\\nAlso why is it not not_possible to not_change names of files or folders ?
It crashes every time .
I need to save the file to see the photo on my iPhone .
Still very easy to share files , but why lose the in app control for AirPlay ?
Why does every app think they need to change to this design ?
I want the old version , this don t have the option to share my files via Facebook message , please bring back the previous version or fix that ! ! ! !
There is a way to implement iOS 7 s design correctly and still have it be beautiful .
Why take functions away from what WAS a perfect app ?
Please consider changing and being a leader to this design approach !
I can t open it right now .
Why is the option gone to hide the menu and dedicate that screen real estate to full screen viewing of content ?
Please prioritize this fix ; it was a stupid omission .
How do you move files within existing folders ?
It s crashing horribly on my iPhone5 but i know they ll fix that soon enough .
I click on the photo thumbnail and it won t show me the preview of my photo ... .hopefully can be fixed in next update !
and after a minute it crashes .
Please correct this ! ! !
I uploaded 5 PDF files and only 1 is actually viewable , the other 4 just show blank pages .
Where is the beauty in an extremely white design ?
Why are you so sure I have to turn it on , so much so that you prompt me to do so EVERY SINGLE TIME I OPEN THE APP ! ?
Please fix this ASAP .
Please bring this back or I ll have to find something else to use .
Very annoying to not not_be not_able to see an entire file name .
Do not not_update !
Why is this for iOS 7 only now ?
His romadness , Doesn t work for those of us still on iOS 6.1.4 so I can no longer not_use not_Dropbox on my iDevices .
Please bring back the older one and have both .
Perhaps the iOS 7 version could be named Dropbox 7+ and the iOS 6 version Dropbox 6 .
I do wish there was a way to view the full file names of files and edit file names .
\\n\\nRenaming folders and files is still missing , its time to add that guys .
It is a good app , very stable and useful , but please , half of the world population wants a function for file renaming .
Would be nice to have a grid view of photos other than just the auto upload of camera roll .
Also would be nice to rename files .
Would be nice to save my mobi files .
Hope they keep adding features and making this app better end better ,
Flat style is fine , but apps need visible separation between content and control functions .
One of the main things I need Dropbox for opening Pages files .
This bug needs to be squished .
Please change it back .
Please fix it .
Take pointers from Yahoo on how to make iOS 7 Style apps that stand out from the 90 % that are beautifully designed in blinding white .
After the last update , it crashes every time I open the manual upload .
It is crashing .
The app is great , but please fix this .
Why force update to iOS 7 ?
Luckily my SkyDrive added an upload feature .
I finally figured out how to actually view the PDF , but why have that stupid search box and tile icon visible permanently ?
I seriously don t need this when I m studying .
But , one thing that s still missing is bulk downloads .
Please fix that , Dropbox .
\\n4 out of 5 because still can t rename files .
Folders with mp3s crash the app .
It looks ugly in the new UI , and why delete by swipe to left like other iOS 7 apps not not_working not_?
Please bring it back .
It made presentations a breeze !
Straight aways crashes upon opening .
Please fix this .
But why can t I do a simple renaming of files ?
Every little annoyance has been fixed .
Dropbox app is bug ridden and they have no not_desire to not_fix basic things .
I trust them to fix it , but this sure is annoying now !
No matter which app you choose to open it in , it does nothing , just sits there .
I just love it .
I suggest it to all my friends .
Today the app is crashing on all my classroom iPads .
Edit simple text files including adding new files .
I ve had Dropbox on my PC for almost a year , just waiting for the day when I may be out and need to access something from my storage in Dropbox on another PC or device and didn t bring a flash drive .
My one complaint is that on the app you can t pick a specific album from your Photos , it just automatically syncs any pictures taken that spend a minute on your Photo Stream ... which , if you have iCloud set up on your device and PC , iCloud does the same thing .
This app seems to never not_work and not_will only play videos when it want s to .
Where is iOS7 user interface ?
Then after my son was born i needed a place where i can store my pics and videos in .
Various degrees of broken under iOS 7 : buttons fail to appear , caching irregularities , etc.\\n\\nOTOH it s Dropbox , it s indispensable .
The functionality of this app WAS great and the service it provides still is , but recent updates have made it frustrating to use .
laudeego , When I open it crashes my iPad ,
What happened ?
But please add the ability to only sync photos .
I just wish you could edit your word documents other than that it s great !
Ever since I update my iPad Dropbox has NOT been working right .
Please fix this .
The new UI for viewing photos and video needs improvement to return to the way it was .
I thought the point of a cloud was to have constant access no not_matter not_what .
I really NEED to be able to change file names of uploaded pics and vids in the app and download videos to iPad .
\\n\\nIt really jams me up when I upload a video and have to wait to send a link off because I can t change the file name in the app .
I question WHO thought it was a good idea to put the data wipe on 10 Code fails here too .
But for some reason dropbox has not not_allowed not_favorited downloads the ability to resume and instead restarts the download from the beginning every time it fails .
We have the technology to RESUME A DOWNLOAD what s the problem here ?
I want to be able to edit documents anywhere I go , but the app does not not_support not_editing .
First of all you can t move dropbox files to another dropbox folder even if it is public .
Then it wants to upload your entire photo library to the dropbox cloud but you can t pick and choose which ones .
And thirdly , you can t move photos from dropbox to the appropriate album in your photo library .
Then you have to open Photos and go into Camera Roll and move them into the right album .
Thank s for app , but can you add offline mod ?
I just got my new 5s .
Ever since IOS 7 , it has been crashing .
( For most apple app ) If i need to upload 500 images ... i have to check those 500 images one by one ! ? !
After upade , it s not not_working for me not_too , please fix support of this version .
Always crashes on start up .
To be so popular this app needs a lot of work .
The app is great but it needs a new look for iOS 7 ,
App crashes by having dialog repeat `` Connect to iTunes to enable Push Notifications '' .
After updating to iOS 7 on my ipad mini , Dropbox has been a lot slower , but my main concern is that the only way to upload photos is to leave the app open and up on my screen the entire time I m uploading the pics .
And why is there STILL no not_rename not_functionality ?
Please update this app to iOS7 ,
Kinda defeats the purpose of an app if you have to use the website to be able to use a common tool .
Yep , I get the same iTunes error as others .
\\n\\nSo , please fix Dropbox !
Why does it keep telling me that I can t open some documents & amp ; that I don t have the authorization to alter or edit my document ; on the flip side , some documents tell me to enter a password ( ? ? )
\\n\\nIf anyone has any suggestions to improve this or recommends a different program to recommend , I would appreciate it .
every time I open Dropbox it crashes and I can t change the screen. , ,please fix : ( I love my Dropbox : ( ,
But I have been trying to upload my 500 pictures for about 4 days now , when it usually only takes less not_than an not_hour .
U need to keep the app open and stare the upload bar for camera upload .
If we could create docs inside the app that would be great ,
No app crashes .
My employer provides us with paid subscriptions to all of the cloud based storage sites on the market ( Share Point , Share Point Pro , Box , Google docs & amp ; Just Cloud ) .
I have dropbox installed on three iOS 7 devices ( iPhone 5 , iPad , iPad Retna ) and I have not not_had not_any problems .
Not by having to open and tediously read doc after doc , file after file , to find what I need .
Please create a search function that works within and among files .
I need to do user testing with a clickable PDF this week and have ALWAYS used Dropbox because it s been awesome in the past .
People can turn these options on if they want these options but these settings should not not_be not_turned on by default .
\\nIt sounds a little like what \\nFacebook does by turning on options by default when certain options should be turned off by default .
Since updating my iPad to iOS7 the Dropbox app does not not_work .
After i updated my password , ALL 700 of my files were deleted .
When using Dropbox on my IPhone , I get a pop up that says I need to connect to ITunes .
I do not have not_this not_problem on my IPad ?
I had no not_issues not_before the new operating system .
The restriction of one added book for new users is stupid .
On both iOS 6 and 7 , I have issues with this app .
LuveeJ , I installed Dropbox but every time I open it , it `` push notification '' box pops up and when I push ok it pops right back up and the only way to do ANYTHING on my phone is to restart it ! !
I even tried uninstalling and reinstalling Dropbox but it did the same thing .
One of the biggest problems I have is that the outline and search buttons seem to disappear after I use them once .
Really need the app to get things done , sadly the dev team doesn t feel like submitting a update to help many of those who are having problems , like myself .
Since the ios7 installation on a coworker s ipad mini he is unable to open dropbox without the not_dropbox not_freezing up and telling him that dropbox needs to be synced with iTunes .
Someone needs to fix this issue ASAP !
I uploaded all camera pics on my iPad when downloaded this app and I have found that there is no not_easy not_way to move the photos into folders so that I can only share pictures from a recent vacation .
Why is there no not_move not_function on this app or am I missing something ?
\\n\\nI found a workaround as the only way to to get out of the app once it s stuck in this loop is to press the iPad sleep button , then swipe the camera as if to take a photo , and then press the home button .
No content in drop box will load on mobile just says there is an error ,
\\n\\nIt needs an iOS 7 update though .
I just downloaded this App stupidly WITHOUT READING the Reviews FIRST ! !
Updated to current version and just get a gray screen when trying to view a PDF .
On the iPad it just crashes .
\\nHope the powers that are responsible read this and provide a much needed fix .
\\nI have important work files I need to use on the iPad and now the app won t even open .
I have also looked at some of my classmates iPads and they are having the same problem .
It always said delete failed and then it stops working ,
Everything is like you have to buy to fully enjoy ,
I like having my photos in one place .
Why did you remove open in option for music files ?
\\nI used to be able to do this with my sound files Why ?
\\nWhy do I need to download my files every time I open the app ! !
Please add the image viewer back to dropbox .
After I updated the app it keeps crashing .
I can no longer not_link my not_account to my atomic web browser , don t know if it s cause of the iOS 7 update , if so then please update the app to work with it ,
I need a place to store my high resolution photos other than my iPad because the photos take up so much space .
I am able to store the photos there and I could use it whenever it comes convenient .
Please fix this !
Shame I can t view animated gif files though .
It tells me `` all done for now '' when clearly I just took a couple pictures .
We need an iOS 7 update .
\\n\\nMay 7 , 2013\\nThe gray document issue is now much worse .
I wouldn t recommend getting this .
HAve had this app through the duration of having my iPhone and haven t had any problems with it yet .
Do not not_use not_dropbox with iOS7 !
It crashes my ipad ( iPad 3 ) and doesn t let me open files .
I hope they update it soon .
I think you can get away with using the dropbox site through safari to get through this in the meantime .
I had no not_problems with not_dropbox on iOS6 .
I need to switch frequently between work and personal accounts .
I just wish there was a way to not not_upload the not_videos from my phone !
So all the crops , filters and edits I have made with the new iOS 7 photos app are lost .
Please fix this .
You cant create a hierachy of folders .
Now whenever I try to sign in it crashes the app back to the home screen .
For some of my college files I was unable to get on my ipad Dropbox lets you look at power points and other files .
Now that I updated my drop box I am very upset \\nBecause I do not have an not_option to not_choose pictures to move to a folder \\nFix this problem and I will rate a 5 \\nAlso I would like to export a whole folder to my gallery on my ipad ,
I used to view them displayed nicely as web pages , but now I just see the source code instead !
, \\n\\n Really need to add the color tags to use it the way I need to organize .
I love this app , BUT it is not not_working with not_iOS7 ! ! ! ! !
Music takes 15 seconds to load after you have selected a song ( doesn t matter if I m on Verizon LTE or Wifi ) also , it doesn t play the next song automatically instead you have to open the app , go back and pick the next song in the folder .
Please fix these in the next update !
You guys seriously need to have the tool to rename a file and copy a file .
I am not not_able to not_access Dropbox because I get a message `` Connect to iTunes '' repeatedly .
I ( and many other Dropbox users ) have been waiting months for DB to fix the Dropbox/iPad file browser bug that only shows the first few characters in the filename .
Why can t they repair this ?
\\n\\nNow I have to just guess when transferring files with similar long filenames to my iPad .
Having this available easily on my phone made checking updates on projects from work to sharing items much easier when I m not at a not_computer .
Why is it that the navigation bar is suddenly two different colors now that I ve downloaded iOS 7 ?
Super basic and I need this all of the time .
But that is not not_what not_I need .
Please ADD asap .
Deezy F.Baby , I can t open any files in my Dropbox .
This needs to be fixed ! !
jh7468 , I have no not_idea not_why you need Location Services activated , but it s just one of the hassles of this app .
The biggest hassle is that you either have to transfer ALL your pictures to your DB folder , or you can t transfer any .
So if you just want to upload a movie , you can t. You have to upload everything else .
I also wish that you could invite other to folders from the app versus just sharing a link with them .
until you have a problem .
I ve been a premium paying customer for over a year not not_because not_I needed the extra space , but because I ve used it as my backup and sharing platform for a major project .
Last month I had a problem where the app was using up all available CPU on my mac .
After 3 random `` try this '' tech solutions they simply stopped responding to emails , and never not_provided not_any other recourse or even answered my question whether phone support was available a question I asked them 5 times .
I just put it in my Dropbox folder on my computer , and I can listen to it on my phone !
So there s no way not_I not_can get my video back ) : anybody else have that problem ?
All it needs is multiple accounts !
\\n\\nOn my desktop there is no not_issue .
I have tried every method to resolve this with settings , notification settings , privacy setting ?
I am unable to use this app to open Microsoft Works files on my iPhone five .
I wonder if this could be fixed .
As far as the app goes , however , there are a few bugs that need to be worked out and some features that ought to be added .
The app will often time fail to open a document and needs to be restarted before it will load .
It will sometimes even freeze and crash .
In order to open your files on a mobile device , you have to be connected to the internet .
But you have to mark every file individually , which is impractical because I have thousands of files in folders and subfolders .
This would especially be good for people who use a mobile device as their primary device ; all your content would be immediately available .
If you want to reorganize your files or move documents , you have to do each one individually .
Why can t I select multiple documents and move them together to another location ?
music picker , The new version I try and open it and it crashes right away ,
This app is great to save pictures and documents ; however with the latest update my air printing is not not_working not_through the app .
This app crashes each and every time I try to open it on my iPad 3rd gen . I use it often on my Iph5 but for some reason here it doesn t work .
Please update ASAP so it works again .
The iPad app now continuously crashes usually when opened or a few seconds later .
Now I can not not_use it at not_all .
It crashes all the time .
Please fix ASAP .
\\n\\nI once had a problem on my iPad with an endless loop asking me to connect to iTunes .
But that turned out to be an Apple problem which for me could only be solved by a complete erase and restore .
\\n\\nSince the problem only occurred in DropBox , I initially assumed it was their problem .
Haven t had any problems with the function of the app , no not_crashes not_either .
They need to release this app on more platforms like newer Windows Phone 8 like Lumia 1020 and then it will be true 5 stars .
\\n\\nI recent ; y had an issue however .
I was unable to backup my images on my iMac as the drive was damaged .
I NEED a way to be able to check on an entire folder and upload that folder and its content to Dropbox .
Please add these features !
However , I can no longer not_download the not_videos I have uploaded from my iPhone ... please fix this I would like to be able to download my videos or save them to my camera roll .
We need Dropbox Windows 8 app , with Modern UI design , please .
Newest version has menu problems .
Now it freezes up all the time and the only way I can use my iPhone is by restarting .
Hopefully this is fixed soon because I used to use Dropbox app all the time and would have easily given 5 stars .
I ve just been locked out of my db when I need it most .
The app crashed and logged me out , and the login screen refuses to load .
How do you save pictures on Dropbox to my computer ?
I am having problems uploading stuff to survival craft a game .
To upload it says i need to put it in dropbox but it wont let me share it with survival craft again what do i do ,
I ve looked over the directions and can t find how to do it all within the app .
It would be smarter to have a Dropbox folder in photos that you can select which photos will be uploaded or not .
Papaya4110 , I know the reason I can no longer not_upload not_documents in dropbox is not my not_problem not_because my daughter tried it on her iPad and it won t work for her either ! !
Is this a Dropbox issue or Movie Pro ?
The open with option doesn t work for encrypted documents since the has a built in document reader that can t edit files .
Please add an `` open with '' option to use before viewing the file so a document editor can be used to modify it and then save it right back to Dropbox .
Little disappointed I can t edit docs from within the app such as google drive .
It opens *maybe* once a week and when it does , it repeatedly re syncs already uploaded pics ... .so it gets stuck around photo 1,225 ( approximately ) , crashes and won t open .
I love dropbox but I think it should have a number count for each album or for the whole thing .
The service is great , but the app fails .
Pressing `` Upload Here '' freezes the app and crashes it on the next open .
Please add the ability to rename files , as well as the ability for gifs to play .
I know you can do it ! !
There is a bug with manual uploading of photos from camera roll .
The only issue is that in the IPad version I can t Rename my files .
Also , I can t download videos on other devices ?
the status bar covers the nav bar at the top of the screen occasionally , and I can t figure out how to upload individual images ?
It s not not_able to not_save small video clips .
\\n\\nWell , let s try to get the app to work again first , shall we ?
You can t play wave files at ease .
This app requires you to have location services turned on to run in the background .
I don t see why the app needs to know from what geographical location I am located to run in the background .
How do I get MCPE maps and mods ?
Favoriting folders is the only thing I d like to see added ,
I would suggest you to have at least 5 GB of space .
I wish you could save Notes from the home page to Dropbox , that would make organizing my devotionals and other thoughts easier , as well as increase the camera upload speed instead of just one at a time .
How do u make us happy by removing a crucial function , the ability to use the `` Open In '' option that every other productivity app has ?
Now I can t transfer folders ?
Download now you can access your documents where ever you are and integration with drop box amazing ! ! ! ! ! ! !
The smart alek comment in the changelog for 2.3.1 is very concerning and suggests one or more of your developers views your paying customers concerns as an inconvenience .
It s great useful app that s always there when I need it .
New version has issues with the menus .
Why was this option removed ?
Please bring it back .
This app NEEDS to be able to save photos to camera roll more than one at a time .
It also needs to be able to sort by date .
\\n\\n6/15/11\\n\\nNice , but , still crashes on first launch with phone in landscape ; launch a second time in landscape , and all is well .
Just simply by adding extra option icon where we slide for more actions .
Please fix it !
Its a good app i like how it tells the date of the photo the only problem is that the videos take long to load and the quality is terrible !
Other times when they are actually synced you can t open them !
The layout is very clean but it fails to load editing settings or feedback components .
I ve been reading the reviews and this seems to be a common issue .
Ashorawr , I just got the app .
I tried to log in on my iPad but it would not not_let me .
I went back to the app but it would not not_work .
I ve used this app multiple times in the past , so I m frustrated that it s just now not not_working .
\\nI also created a folder , put a bunch of photos in it , and they were there at first , but after a few minutes the folder was empty .
I could not not_figure not_out how to do it .
And the instructions included in the app on how to use Dropbox were written for a standard computer , NOT on iOS device .
There was no way to not_stop not_them , and after failed attempts to stop the uploads but before I deleted the app the uploads had racked up 96 MB of data in just 10 minutes .
But I can tell you that I will be using Google Drive primarily , but not not_exclusively , not_both on my computer and on my phone until this problem is fixed .
Being able to cancel file downloads and uploads is CRUCIAL to all applications that exchange data in mass , and Dropbox should be expected to be able to cancel uploads .
Why should I keep using Dropbox when it can t even open a PDF ?
Simple , just what I needed to make transferring certain photos from phone to computer and vice versa simple .
I like this app i just reallyy wish it could support zip files as well if that was changed i would so give it a 5star rating : ) ,
I love my Dropbox app , and it s a great thing that I can just Facebook message or email a document right from the app .
I am unable to open my Dropbox !
I ve have my account for 2 years and never not_had not_this issue .
Can you install things to an app ?
Only thing is , you guys should definitely make it an option were you can choose to upload only pictures or only videos to your Dropbox .
Why are we forced to use the cloud ?
Would be good and logical to have the option to jolt stuff and reminders without not_having to not_go through Dropbox or iCloud ,
What is the problem ?
You used to b able to delete multiple pics at a time which is important because you can t pic and choose which pics get downloaded onto Dropbox .
Now you have to delete one at a time .
The App is good but needs a few improvements .
But why the hel should I must turn on location service for downloading a photo from my uploads ?
Why it insists on suggesting me to upload every picture I took with the camera ?
Please include editing support for ipad .
You guys have already put MOVE SHARE DEL , why you guys do not not_allow not_us to COPY RENAME ?
Please add the ability to upload UNCOMPRESSED PHOTOS !
I use the Camera Upload feature on iOS so that I don t need to take up space on my iDevice with photos and videos .
\\n\\nI would love to see the ORIGINAL , FULL RESOLUTION photos as they were in the iOS Photos app before upload , but what Dropbox shows me are the compressed versions of those photos !
When i try to create folder i can not not_write not_anything ... fix this and make an option to rename files or folders .
Joe3141592 , I just performed the app update and all my pictures are gone .
When it comes to pic and you have to select need that button ! !
Cool and useful app , only thing I ve cant seem to find is the copy/paste function , rather than just moving the file to a new location .
Anybody know if it is available yet ?
Love that the team is integrating what users need in smart ways , instead of slamming in updates that have to be reconceived two updates later .
I don t really know how to created the file like a word document or something .
I have added a calendar that I made on Word to my Dropbox .
Please bring back the thumbnail view for a folder with photos and not have it not_be not_under the photo tab only .
dni4jesus , I just downloaded the newest update and I can still can not not_open it at not_all on I pad .
What can I do ?
The app does work well for transferring photos and movies back to your computer when a direct connect isn t available but it really could use a way to cancel a big file transfer on those occasions where you don t need to do one after all .
The app does everything I need it to do .
Just yesterday I was saying it needed a feature to share links from the app itself ! ! ! !
I just upgraded my storage and can not not_access not_most of the pictures I ve uploaded .
\\nDropbox please get it together and don t charge people for upgrades on an app that doesn t work properly .
This is an issue .
Me El Cid , I have not not_been not_able to use .
Very slow uploading , and poor background uploading : ( does it really need 3h to upload several megabyte video over 10 Mbit internet ?
What happened ?
They need to fix this App ! ! ! ! !
Good app but REALLY REALLY needs a clear cache button because it hoards space on the iPhone when you browse trough your pictures/files .
A simple pdf can t even load !
You have to fix this .
What s the point of this app if I can t share anything .
Please fix the crashes , bugs and if its possible , make the App faster ,
dreammyy , Since the last update , Dropbox says I have no not_installed not_apps to open PDF files when I actually do .
I am unable to open them in Adobe Reader or ifile .
To clear cache , you have to unlink your account and re link it .
\\n\\nAlso , there seems to be a bug now where entering my PIN kinda freezes up the app .
ACESBLACKSTAR , Dropbox could be better with faster uploading and downloading speeds also you should add the options to sync multiple photos from your phone to your camera roll instead of just one at a time ! ! !
It s and effective link between devices but it crashes every other time you open it .
I needed space on my iPhone , so I downloaded this app in order to store my pictures and delete them off of my phone .
quyenbentley , No crashes so far , not not_affecting my not_phone or ipad functionality .
But I have noticed that you can t share folders , only a single file , which is pretty ridiculous because then I could just email that single file to someone , but when you have a whole bunch of pictures that you want to send , you can t send the whole folder of pictures .
How do we get it all back ?
This is a frequent problem .
Do not even not_think of not_uploading important files .
Please fix it soon ! ! ! !
It s super easy to copy pictures to clipboard or even save them to your phone , but why can t I download my videos ?
I power down the ipod touch once every week or two , so I have never not_had an not_issue with premature closing or freezing .
Ever since I updated it to the new update none of my pictures are downloading on there !
I have it uploading my photos , which it does consistently well and syncing docs I need .
No problems here , not not_sure not_what the bad reviews are about .
What you have to do is hit cancel instead of enable .
\\n\\nCan t figure out how to move uploaded photo stream to a new folder .
Used to work perfectly , then now I just get a blank screen .
Beautiful app , but NEEDS the ability share folders .
For people on the go , we need to be able to email links out to people , sending tons of individual links to people is not not_feasible .
You can t share folders ?
PLEASE , please make folder sharing possible .
plus , I can share folders if I go to the Dropbox website through a mobile web browser , so why not just not_put the not_feature in the app ?
Really frustrating as this is the only app I have this issue with .
Any suggestions on how to fix ?
Why would Dropbox not not_load not_any of my pictures ?
Why does dropbox show my pictures are there but when I tap on them to open them it will not not_?
Why does dropbox tell me that it s lost the connection when I clearly had a good connection ?
\\nIn the rare Event Dropbox does open the picture why does it take so long ?
Why does it take five minutes to delete something ?
Why does your support page in app not not_work not_?
Why why why ?
Please include the option to view thumbnail larger while viewing in the photo folder .
I felt I needed to give this two stars because its been four days and they haven t fixed it yet .
They need to quit updating every two or three days and actually take time to make a version that works properly ,
I can t share folders !
That was the only reason I made a Dropbox in the first place .
I do not have a not_problem not_getting past this in my other apps .
Other than this I d give it 5 stars but otherwise I have to give at the most a 2 for now until this is solved .
It s ok but u guys need to make a better GUI .
I can t open files in dJay when I m running on 3G/4G like before .
You all need to do better .
Please get this app together ... and soon .
No possibility for playing all videos , you need to touch play button for every video ... if would be great if we could sort docs manually as needed .
I just paid for the works for a year and can not even not_get the not_app to work and I need it for my business .
I love DropBox , but the biggest problem I have with the iPhone app is that you can not not_rename not_files .
I love this app but you can t open most Microsoft word files ,
I just uploaded all of my pictures to this app and then deleted them from my photos .
Guess what happened ?
It said they all failed .
It would be great if you could add editing from the device though .
Why is Dropbox using my location , even after I have just turned the phone on and haven t even opened the app ?
\\n\\nSeriously , the developers have gotten some weird bugs going on with this latest update and need to resolve them pronto .
I have no not_idea not_how to get drop box files to sync with the iPhone or iPad ,
It used to be good until I updated it yesterday I don t recommend to use this app now because it crashes a lot ,
You have to delete the app to start over in order to resync via wifi .
The problem is this : \\nI open the app , the pictures start uploading .
It just doesn t work well in a practical setting .
It s a good a good idea , it just needs some tweaking .
, I ve never not_had an not_issue with Dropbox before , so I don t know what all these people are complaining about.its a great app that has truly streamlined my life with its convenience .
The last upgrade just got stuck 1/3rd through the download , so I can t eve use this anymore !
App is missing from my iPhone & amp ; can t download it again either .
I must use it 20 times per day !
Until these guys at Dropbox can figure out how to code this app so that we can see long filenames , I ll continue to award them with one star .
Apparently they can t code themselves out of a paper bag .
How to add voice memo from the iPhone ? !
What on Earth happened to the `` open in '' button ?
\\n but the issue that really makes this a terrible app is that it s connectivity is incredibly slow , it crashes all the time , and more than half the time it can t even load the content I m trying to view on my Dropbox .
The main issue I have with this app is that there isn t a `` keep me logged in '' feature .
Ummm , why do txt files no longer not_open with the not_latest update ?
\\n\\nThere is a problem in reading pdf files .
I thought that this would be good enough to transfer acrobat reader o PDF files NOT ! !
It would be great if you could add one more button which greatly helps sharing folders .
It would be next to the delete and move key when you edit folders and it could be a share button that instead of having to click on every single file to share you can do it by folder .
Please fix this .
Is the problem with iTunes or Dropbox ?
Not working crash when open .
After I entering my ID and pass , when I do log in button , the app crashes no not_matter not_what I try .
can t share a folder\\ncan t accept a shared folder\\ncan t download or upload anything but photos\\n\\ni just use a file management app that integrates with DropBox , such as Files Pro ,
why on earth does Dropbox for iPad only work if I m online ?
The best thing about it is you can download images onto your device and also upload images from your device onto Dropbox .
Seriously recommend this app .
\\n\\nAlso we can t rename files ?
Used to work great but since the last update it s crashing and not not_opening not_simple PDF documents .
Why can t I open my folders without not_getting not_online from my IPad ?
Does anyone else have their Dropbox app , not the not_site , not_increasing in memory even without not_any not_favorite files ? ?
It s crashing a lot !
When I need to open my script for a play in involved , it would crash and go back to home screen .
I found the app very handy..should add on the features end ,
I wish there are more storage , at least 5gb like the others ( Sugarsync , box ) and it needs an update and add more features like renaming files , etc . so I m only giving it 4 stars , for now .
It s really good , but you can t do things like save several pictures , favorite several pictures at the same time , choose to upload pictures only when it s charging , between others .
Really useful , but needs simple features that for some reason are missing .
\\nI can t update it , can t delete it , can t use it .
My issue is that all my notes are large PDFs .
This is difficult because I have a 16GB iPad and have lots of other apps on here for studying and need to conserve space .
The only way I have found to clear this memory is to uninstall the app every time it balloons , which , as you can probably guess , is extremely annoying .
If someone can tell me an easier way to clear this space or if Dropbox can fix this issue , this would be a five star app for me .
This service , and this app , would be great if the app didn t crash when reading PDFs .
What happened to `` open in '' option ?
I need to be able to view Dropbox items in other apps .
Why the heck would you guys disable your most useful feature ? ?
My only complaint ( and reason why I am giving 3 stars ) is because I wished you could directly upload items from your phone ( versus using the desktop/web application ) .
Please offer a different storage system for photos and video for power users .
There is no way to not_navigate not_Camera Uploads with any amount of speed and efficiency .
We need a way to display our photos once we have stored them ; right now it is a giant useless folder .
Can t download PDFs screen goes BLACK and won t even open ! !
Hopefully this is just a bug that they can fix up because if it wasn t for the files crashing , I d give it a full 5 stars .
It would be cool if it was possible to edit the name of documents on mobile devices like Iphone or ipad .
I like it in general , but I wanted to *selectively* create certain artwork on my iPad and move it to my Mac using Dropbox .
\\nI can reinstall the app and then it works for a while , until I switch to a different app or go to the home screen , then I have the same problem .
\\nHopefully there will be an update soon to fix this .
Zulu Oo , Best cloud sharing service , but app for iPhone stop working as it will not not_open on not_iPhone 5 , keep asking to connect iTune for alert & amp ; notification .
This app definitely needs some improvements , such as the ability to delete a Camera Upload picture when viewing it currently you have to use that checkbox thing in the list view .
\\n\\nSecond , I don t know why you d have Camera Upload exist when all iDevices have PhotoStream , but I m glad you do since said PhotoStream.exe never not_works on my not_stupid old laptop .
I wish that the app was able to upload pics to the Camera Upload automatically like PhotoStream would now you have to open the app to get the uploading started , and I ve found that it will time out after a while unless you reopen the app .
\\n\\nThirdly , I need the ability to view GIFs !
Literally just do this and I ll give you all five stars .
You can make a good app , we believe !
I can not not_rely on not_which pdf I m going to be able to view when I need it .
Please add the ability to rename files .
This app needs some fixes .
This apps needs the capability to resume downloads when iInternet connections are shaky .
So easy even a cave man can use it .
\\n1 ) Automatic cleaning should be stopped .
\\n2 ) `` Update all '' button should require 1 click , not not_20 to not_upd all .
This app has the potential to be a 5 star app but it needs some tweaking .
But I cant even access to my account because the app crashes in iphone size every time i open it .
Both iTunes and iCloud failed to do that .
Pros\\n fast sync relative to other 3rd party cloud storage apps\\n can create folders\\n can move/re order folders\\n highly utilized in other third party apps\\n can increase storage space for free in free accounts\\n\\nCons\\n can reorder items A Z or `` Newest Oldest '' , but not in not_reverse not_order .
Please fix ASAP !
I tried deleting in the hope I could re install , but it still comes up saying it is `` installing '' .
But after recent updates I have issues uploading things .
I ll select a bunch of my photos to back up and the app will crash out and only upload a few and not not_all .
The only way out of the loop is to completely power down your phone and then back up .
Now I am unable to view Word and Excel files like I used to before .
Please fix , thank you .
There are fundamental issues with this app .
How about a choice ?
Probin109 , App needs some fixing .
It would be nice if you could make it so you could copy files from one folder and paste them in another folder .
When trying to load a file , the app crashes .
\\n\\nI had an issue with syncing , and tech support was on it within 30 mins of my first email .
whenever i establish a relationship with a vendor who requires an email address from me , i give them an email address unique to just them .
When you need some way to store electronic debate information .
Currently , you have to leave the folder and come back in if you wish to refresh that folder .
Why don t we REFRESH it ?
What does that spell ?
Easily implementable refresh button with high utility even to people who don t know they need it yet !
Wish I could use it .
Your explanation as to why you need CONSTANT access to my location is completely inadequate .
Please add this function ! ! !
This app needs a major revamp .
\\nThe main problem that I m having is when I delete things , it ll delete what I want it too , but the delete box that pops up will just stay on the page , the little circle thing spinning , and won t go away unless I quit the app .
Site then froze when I needed to export .
If you could add the log history function that will be great , so i can track which files have been updated or upload by my friends or colleagues ,
The recent update crashes every time when I tried to view a file on my iPad .
What happened ?
Please restore full playback ! ! !
Why did you mess up with that ?
The problem is it won t update on my iPhone .
This app needs the ability to search the files by title or by words and phrases in the documents .
I always use dropbox with Upad , but this newest version can t open PDF files with Upad anymore .
That needs to be brought back .
why can t i share folders from the app ?
I use this app everyday but i don t understand why this function is not not_available not_yet .
My only complaint would be you can only invite and add a shared folder via a computer and not in the not_app .
Please add that to the app being able to add and invite mobility would complete this !
I can not not_seem to not_be able to view .odt files , is there a way you can update the app to make it available ?
Now I have all my notes with me all the time so I can study them without not_having to not_search through notebooks and textbooks to find what I need .
Please please please add this feature back !
But it has a few things that could be easily improved .
\\n\\n2 ) It is not not_obvious that you not_can store files locally by marking them with a star .
I love this app but I do wish I could highlight words in PDFs and create bookmarks .
Would this be possible at some piont ?
Please , dropbox business managers and developers ; demonstrate that you listen to reasonable requests for sensible GUI improvements and FIX THIS .
This could be a flaw in iBooks , but I can t save PDF files from Mail into DropBox either .
Photos taken on iPhone have location data imbedded in them , therefore why does Dropbox require location data turned on for auto uploading ?
Of course it would also be nice if they would shut off location services after use ! ! !
Yea I feel comfortable with this app just uploading personal and naked photos of my girlfriend to some server .
The idea you don t have this simple feature is very strange .
While you don t need the full feature set provided by Evernote , you should at least allow the ability to create and edit text documents .
Good app but location service stays on 24x7 to support photo uploads .
Why can t I sign into separate Drop Box accounts ?
I tried reloading but it still asks to connect to iTunes and will not not_work on my not_Ipad ,
I tried to contact the Developers , but they ve choosen to make themselves hard to contact directly .
I need a fix for this problem .
It s great but it crashes every time I go on it I can t even last 5 seconds can you guys pleas fix this ,
It would be really useful to have !
This should be a great way to upload my photos while traveling , but I am having a few problems .
Battery drain is a serious issue .
Comeonguys6236 , Latest update won t open just hangs for 10 seconds then crashes .
It is ok but , Why can t I just select certain pictures to down instead of every picture ?
however there is still a problem which is that when you try using the `` open in '' option in other iPad applications , and ask to open in Dropbox , the filed just opened shows up in the iPad Dropbox application , but the Dropbox server is not not_updated .
I can t use dropbox until this problem is resolved !
I can t log on using my iphone5 ,
The is some problem with offline viewer please fix it and I will change my rating .
But for now it s only one star because I just lost access to all these files : ( ,
Terryyaki , The new update added a PDF viewer which allow you to view PDF highlight like the app from adobe .
Dropbox is already a great idea .
So downloaded Dropbox app to my iPhone then tried to access it but it is asking me for a pass code which I NEVER setup nor asked to be required .
Updated to the latest version and ... now all my Microsoft word documents won t open in the app , so I can t view anything .
However , the actual page number was removed from the main single viewing page .
Caught in a loop forever after trying to load a video and also forever looping in the initial how to adobe file .
First off , you can t download pictures from Dropbox onto iPad with Dropbox automatically uploading all the pictures from your iPad photo library .
You guys need to work on that area .
This needs to be fixed for iPhone ASAP .
It would be really nice if it gives us 10gb free space .
Lacking capability to move files into folders , view what folders items are saved in from search , and dialogue asking what location in Dropbox a given file should be saved to .
Please add these basic functionalities for iPhone !
It s really sad you can t move files .
I was able to move/resize these within the reader , now I can t. This is a huge problem for me as many notes are cut off and they can t be resized to view .
Please bring back this capability .
`` This app requires iOS5 '' .
So what happened to supporting iPhone 3G users stuck on iOS4 ?
The all new pdf reader is not not_working .
May switch to something else if it does not not_work not_soon .
Why are they so many ?
Basically , I m used to being able to edit a lot of my files through Pages , but now I can t open the doc files in Pages anymore because the Dropbox app doesn t recognize it anymore .
Please include the ability to share ( all types of sharing ) from within the app and it will be a total win .
Still can t view 90 % or my PDFs .
What is taking so long to fix the crashing ?
It is a great app but I wish that there was a more accessible way to read and highlight PDFs so I don t have to download my pdfs and then highlight and reupload and then delete the old document .
Just saying it is a waste .
For cloud storage , Dropbox is an excellent solution for me .
I can t open the goddamn app ,
It crashes my iPhone5 .
Please fix this ! !
Please fix the update dropbox ! ! !
How can I contact Dropbox to let them no that the not_app not_no longer opens on my iPad ?
Haven t had any problems with it ,
Shade337 , I updated it to latest version and now it won t open .
It shows the title and stuff as if it did open then it would crash and leave me confused in the home menu .
Please fix the location service staying on since last update ,
I can t move files from one folder to another .
Jacob Valentine , When I updated to today s version of drop box 2.1.1 on my iPad and iPhone running iOS 6.1.2 , certain word files that had previously been viewable , did not not_work .
Heidi Bylsma , I just downloaded the latest version I have been happy with the previous version .
Updated and now I can t launch Dropbox at all .
It acts like it is launching and then crashes back out of the program .
Can t even see that I have Dropbox installed and reinstallation didn t resolve the issue either .
Deleted reinstalled and it worked once now crashes every time on opening again .
How do u put pics on it ?
I can t open my dropbox app on my iPad 4 !
Please FIX this issue Asap !
This app needs the pull down to refresh feature .
Please address this in a future update . ''
Why does itvdo this can anyone give me an answer .
Constantly crashes after last update .
Please fix this version !
Anonymous user jm , On iPad 3 , it will not not_open .
I can t open Dropbox .
\\n\\nUpdated : I see the suggestion is to delete and reinstall HOW ARE YOU SUPPOSED TO DELETE WHAT ISN T ON THE PHONE , despite the fact that the App Store says to open the app , but will NOT open when you press the button ?
Worked for like ten mins and now it won t open , just keeps popping up blue then shutting off , I have turned off the iPad and then waited one min and turned back on the iPad , clicked on the Dropbox icon to open and it keeps doing the same thing , my iPad is up to date running iso6 , so it should work cause it worked for ten mins then crashed , please fix thank you ,
App keeps crashing on main opening screen since new update on my iPad mini and iPhone 4S please fix .
It crashes every time I try to open it .
Only getting logo screen and afterwards it crashes .
It crashes as soon as I open it .
I get the logo screen and then the app crashes completely .
I can t open it on my ipad 3 .
Doesn t anyone ever try this stuff before they put it out there ?
Dropbox , you messed up my presentation this weekend when you wouldn t open when I needed you the most .
I updated the dropbox app on my iPad and can t view any of my PDF files .
Viewing wasn t a problem before the update .
Excalibear , After the last update , dropbox crashes every time safari attempts to open anything with it .
Haven t tried with other apps , but this is a major problem with me since I ve been using the two together , also it now will not not_open the not_last few .jpgs I ve created on my Mac .
I had the same issue , it would NOT work and keep shutting down after freeze .
and then crash again ... useless when I really need it .
Won t open after last update , please fix ! ! ! ! ! !
I had the same pdf viewer issues as others ; however , they were resolved by updating to iOS 6.1 ,
I love Dropbox , but the latest update crashed on my iPhone 5 .
It will not not_install not_update and now I can not not_use not_app on my phone .
Since the update , it crashes what you should do .
Is if you uninstall and reinstall the app it will work again .
I gave it 3 stars cause it needs more features .
Granttv3 , The only way to view PDFs now is to open them , see the gray screen , hit search , then cancel the search .
Do not not_upgrade not_until they fix or roll back if you need to view PDFs .
Please bring back the old viewer , it was phenomenal .
The app crashes after last update please fix ,
It was fine all along until 2.1 , please do something !
Jkro , why does everything constantly have to be updated ?
With the latest update the link to PDF pro does not not_work ! !
I can t open it and it s totally useless to me .
Since last update unable to use app , just get splash screen and then it crashes and closes .
Also before adding new features lets clean up the interface and stop classifying videos as photos .
Maybe you are enjoying time with family ... sure would be nice to share pics with them .
Was great but after the latest update , I can t even open the app .
My iPad tells me there is an update , but it won t install ?
Great app but it needs an update asap .
After the update the app will not even not_open on my not_iPad .
This new update totally fails .
While it is true that they have added a page thumbnail viewer , that is ALL that can be seen with this new version .
Individual pages just show up solid grey .
\\n\\nAllowing this app to update is a terrible mistake .
It crashes and doesn t even open .
It crashes immediately !
I just updated and now my PDF viewer is not not_working .
Please fix this ASAP , or instruct how to uninstall this Dropbox update .
If you can t open , delete and reinstall the app your files should be right where you left them .
& gt ; & gt ; Delete and reinstall , works now & lt ; & lt ; \\n\\nApp now crashes when opening .
Songsaro , Having the same problem as others since the update , app crashes every time I try to use it .
BUT ... need to fix the PDF viewer in the latest version .
Please help all of us out .
Did up to six months ago now only displays the code ( not the not_actual not_date ) in my spreadsheets and I really need to see the dates .
I had 51 different PDFs delivered via Dropbox and some were viewable while some just gave me the grey linen background .
When I open the app it stays at the logo for about three seconds and then it crashes .
Just can t browse picture gallery smooth UI always freezes to do something ( probable load another image ) \\nBig ( 100Mb ) PDF are unreadable as before : built in viewer just crashes .
At launch , it crashes .
I asked them for this feature a few months ago and they said they were working on it ; finally , they came through !
I use this app daily , please fix , can view .jpgs but not not_PDFs , my not_iPad is older , please don t break for older versions of OS .
Things need to be fixed .
Clam63 , Same problem as others `` new '' PDF viewer doesn t work just get a gray screen .
I m running iOS 6.1.1 on a iPhone 4S just updated the app and it keeps crashing upon opening .
Dropbox will not not_open on not_I pad .
Please fix it ASAP .
But iOS 5 is required to use it .
How can I use it in iOS 4.1 ?
I had an instance of a PDF not not_showing not_when viewing another time , but I just tapped the pdf again and I loaded just fine .
Today again it is uploading all those hundreds of pics ... please fix this ,
\\nNot very useful at all , please fix !
I use several apps for PDF viewing and one feature that keeps me on the prowl for the holy grail of PDF viewers , is an app that supports PDF markup .
Terribly need a new way to sort files and folders .
I hate nickname please , please fix it .
Please fix this ! ! !
Please bring standard controls back !
\\n\\nDropbox support , would there ever be a way to sync the photo folders with the camera roll on the iPad ?
It would be awesome if I could use my Dropbox picture file as a slide show or `` picture show '' \\n\\nThanks !
Please fix ASAP .
About two weeks ago I sent an email asking the developers of the iOS client if they had thought about allowing users to sort files by date , as I was currently using a different app to connect to Dropbox when I needed that capability .
And here we are , less not_than a not_month later , with the feature implemented .
It is really useful for keeping the files in sync , but I d like to see an option to make an intire folder offline as the same way that is possible to do with single files .
Please do make enough tests before u upload the updated version , ok ? !
Specifically , I want the I Pad to have access to my Roots Magic files that are in my desk top , and vise versa .
Please update , or if this is user problem , please inform .
The app is great , but desperately needs some enhancements : \\n\\n1 ) Make the file/folder pane able to be expanded or the font to be smaller or both .
Basically , we need to be able to do the reverse of the `` unfavoriting '' that can be done in the `` favorites '' tab with the `` edit '' option .
\\n\\nGood work on the app ... Please just tweak it with these improvements .
Seriously needs a way to sort so folders are on top like normal .
\\n\\nWhile in list view , it would be nice to also have a faster way to delete multiple files at once .
It would be nice to change the name of the files .
The PDF viewer does not not_work !
Maybe it s just mine but after the update I can t view PDFs properly .
The new update is unable to load the cached PDFs .
I recommend everyone ( and I mean everyone ) Dropbox because its such an useful tool .
If you haven t gotten it yet , just get it .
Like how we can sort by date modified now ?
\\nAfter i updated it .
Also I wish they could add settings such as highlighter and add comments .
Recommend adding a function to rename files and move files around after you upload them ; for organizing and file naming convention ,
The only way to remedy this is to open the file from my desktop and resale it into a new doc .
Makes it a bit unreliable since I don t know if the file ill need will be working .
hey guys , why do you think I favorited the video ?
I want to watch it all , but I can t\\n\\nBad update , from a company that used to do so well .
There is no way to not_share a not_whole folder without not_going to the not_desktop app .
I have issue with that but otherwise it s a cool app .
This is not a not_review of the not_Dropbox service ( which is great ) but of this app , which can use a lot of improvements .
There is no way to not_resize the not_file list to make more of the files visible .
I tried to launch it and it always crashes and exits .
This app not only not_looks not_great , but also provides excellent functionality .
And Dropbox was not not_able to not_upload any files from these productivity apps .
I use my iPad for a lot of school work and I even access the school online discussion tool so this Dropbox app will not not_work for me .
I only wish you could reorder files for the device ( or have the order synced from my Mac ) .
Whether this is an iOS rendering bug or an app issue is unknown .
I keep running into situations where I need to do that and end up going through a lengthy process of sending the file somewhere so I can save a copy back into Dropbox .
Instead you have to do it from the main website or a computer with the installed Dropbox folder .
I use this app for my minecraft servers , I just put my ftb server in the Dropbox folder and start it , it is on 24/7 ,
You have to fav them and have them saved on your device .
However , I strongly dislike that I can t upload files from my phone to Dropbox without not_turning not_location services on .
Once you find them on your phone , I believe you can `` favorite '' them .
I want my money back and intend to dispute my credit card .
It will save my pictures but once it needs to save a video , it will get stuck on saving the video for 3 WEEKS ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I can t get a shared folder through the app b/c I need to click on a verification email which I never not_received .
I have never not_had not_any problems with the upload or having my items load for me in the phone .
Great app but you should add the option of change folder and files names ,
Please show full filenames or give option to expand directory column .
The latest app update hasn t given me any issues on my iPhone .
Not sure why everyone is having issues .
Love the app but I would like to request the developer to add the feature to select multiple photos at the same time to delete or download .
It always works when I need it and does just what it says it will .
Since the last update the app crashes and says there s a problem when I try to delete files .
I love this app but it needs to be fixed I use it all the time !
Good app but Needs a Download option .
Why is the download option disabled ?
In the few months I have had this app , I have never not_been not_able to access it without it not_crashing or not_performing horribly .
Definitely not an not_app for not_someone who needs their files quickly & amp ; conveniently .
So you can t use dropbox unless you have the latest iPad ? ?
Please fix it or tell me what to do .
\\nAfter using MEGA for a couple of days I realized how great DROPBOX is ?
I tried to load a fairly large PDF once and the app crashed while attempting to display it .
I have no not_files not_`` Favorited '' in the app , so it should be using no not_local not_storage .
Very helpful when I need to transfer files and it s quick too .
\\n\\nI just read a review where someone complained about the app icon being ugly .
I work in the field and always need access to my data .
Twice a day , almost every day , you have to update it .
I don t know why the developers are constantly changing the codes which require an update .
But living in the USA , I don t need it .
It would be nice if the Developers would tell us what each update does so we can decide whether we want it .
I also love the dead simple camera upload for my iPad & amp ; iPhones but would like to see that integrated outside of a sync .
Please fix this bug because the app is unusable without the not_ability to not_see annotations .
Ru @ FCC , I invited to people to DB expanded my space and deleted most of my items off and it still says its to capacity so I can no longer not_add not_files !
Dropbox is a must have for me , but I m surprised some basic file operations are missing , such as Rename or Edit ( for plain text files ) .
The automatic upload feature is ridiculous as there is no not_intuitive or not_easy way to stop it .
Also , the delete function is confusing and should have some sort of dialog box informing you that you are about to delete a photo on your ipad , not just in not_dropbox not_interface , and ask you to confirm that you want to do this .
I had no not_problems not_installing the last update .
Overall , a great app but needs a few tweaks .
just got an ipad 3 .
from the app how do i share a folder ?
working in landscape the keyboard obscures the form for adding an email recipient .
Portrait I can t see the whole screen .
Barrientos91 , With the latest update I can t open word documents .
I don t want to have to try and swipe through the whole thing to get where I want !
Now it constantly crashes .
Please fix ASAP for us business users and real estate pros whom use it all of the time .
It times out the app and crashes constantly .
Jbums , Every time I try to create an account it says an unexpected error has occurred .
Had issues with pdf files opening on my idevices but the update seems to have fixed that ,
The only way out is to delete the whole Dropbox app from my iPad 1 and reinstall .
letkom7588 , I had two .mov files that I marked as favorite , thinking that they would be available offline .
I am never not_without not_important documents that I need to review or look up that are password encoded .
I love this app and think it s great but with one of the latest updates I seem to be having some issues with previously downloaded video playbacks ?
Not sure why I have to re download those videos every now and then ?
Why update something that worked fine before ?
Why can t I just stream the whole thing ?
It does exactly what I need it to .
Why is there not a not_thumbnail not_view for images like there is on the mobile site ?
My only problems are that .gif files do not not_work , and not_videos do not not_play with not_sound .
Basic functionality like file rename or access to previous versions of a file are missing .
You have to fav them and have them saved on your device .
\\n\\nDRAWBACK the biggest drawback I have is that I can t view Form PDFs or editable PDFs .
Please add support !
\\n\\nCould you please implement the ability for Dropbox to pick off where we left off as opposed to going through all the files to get back to where we started from the last view ?
This would be instrumental for those who use this quite frequently and need to get in and out of the application without not_going not_through the folders to get back to the file we left off before closing it .
Dropbox it given 2GB If you use my Invite Link before install you will be able to receive 2GB Extra Storage capacity\\n ?
Please help and fix it .
I need it urgently in my work\\nThanks in advance .
\\nI want to pay for get larger.but 99bucks is a little expensive for me.and I don , t need 100 Gb .
\\n\\n30Gb is enough for me.so is there a plan30bucks per year ?
I am a true Dropbox fan and all , I recommend to all my friends to use Dropbox service .
Please give people what they want , please please , stop using this uncomfortable icon and bring back the old one ! ! !
It would be nice if you could email the file itself as an attachment , from within the app .
Dropbox is by far the best personal cloud file service out there , and I certainly recommend Dropbox over SkyDrive and Google Drive .
However please fix the icon !
if you could add slide show for pictures with cool effects and airplay capability this app would be perfect ! ! ! ! !
I thought it was a good idea to have since I m always getting sent mp3s .
Please make an update to where you can play an mp3 then it automatically plays the next mp3 .
Don t expect any product support with this software .
They re downloaded from the Cloud , right ?
And anytime you download from the Cloud , you re transferring data , right ?
So it makes sense that , if you look at your pictures frequently , just accessing Dropbox on your iPhone will explode your data transfer byte usage .
\\n\\nIncidently , I am also unable to access the Dropbox forums , despite having an account .
Don t expect any help with it from Dropbox .
The idea of the app is brilliant , but forget it if you have long documents .
It would be nice to access my files ! ! ! ! ! !
Please add support for animated GIFs !
\\nI was hoping you were going to make the interface more appealing but , instead made it worst .
Please improve your photo viewing experience and provide full screen option to see photos , videos and documents .
: \\nPrinting .pdf documents to network AirPrint device ( HP Officejet Pro 8600 , 2 sided ) creates unusable printouts : page breaks in .pdf are ignored , with white space gaps appearing mid page .
You can t share folders or anything with anyone from an iOS device .
I am sick of companies treating users like little babies that don t know how to use the tools and products they offer .
I know what I can use per month for my data plan .
one scoming , Here s is my last email from their team .
That is what I needed .
\\n\\nI was able to locate the events in question and I believe I should have now reverted your Dropbox back to directly before these events occurred .
Please let me know if you would like to have any of those files restored and I would be more than happy to go back and restore them .
\\n\\nPlease let me know if there s anything else I can do .
It can take a bit to figure out exactly how you want to catalog everything that you can capture using Evernote but it is well worth the effort !
Instead of having multiple paper notebooks or little notes everywhere , everything I need to remember or reference goes into Evernote .
Our minds need Evernote to actually function today as the creative , thinking creatures we are and unburden us from the voluminous , mundane which informs our thinking .
While there are still functions which are not not_yet not_available on all mobile platforms these do not not_detract not_from the unequivocal 5+ rating .
I was about ready to leave Evernote because it would often crash and lose my thoughts , also the skeumorphic design was painful to look at .
Never crashes , and it s so much simpler than the old version .
That s high praise these days , this app does just what I need it to do , and does it well .
The update downloads , but the the nook says it can t open the download .
The app really needs a proper TODO list that functions as a completed and not not_competed not_list .
I use this to keep track of many items the company is great at providing support and they update the software often .
Please stop all the enhancements .
It was a wonderful app before and now it almost takes a manual to figure out how to use it .
It crashes less not_often , not_but still does so .
\\n\\nSecond , it needs a way to export multiple notes at once to Word so that notes can be edited and compiled into articles and papers for publishing .
That s a vote of confidence that this great , versatile app will be around for as long as I need it .
It crashes occasionally , and the text formatting is bad .
The problems are obvious , and I wish they d be fixed .
How did I live without it not_?
Latest update crashes constantly .
Now I know why it s one if the best apps available in all platforms .
This single app has replaced my GTD apps , note apps , outliners , presentation apps , file sharing , and with the sync is available everywhere I need .
Great to have my stuff available in one place .
Reason for only 4 stars is because some features are not not_available not_across all platforms .
The app seemingly does not not_support not_cut and paste after IOS7 upgrade .
\\n\\nI d give 5 stars , but Evernote really need to give feature parity with their desktop version .
It used to allow adding multiple tags at once .
Just clip all thoughts you have from any medium to the software and it is recall able .
Well worth the download and will purchase the subscription once I learn more on how to maximize it .
Ever since EverNote `` upgraded '' to iOS7 style , it has been a poorly designed bloated app that constantly crashes .
: ) That said , Evernote has made a massive impact in my life in terms of productivity and organization .
Every time I re download the app , I then need to wait until it downloads my all my offline notebooks .
It seemed cool , but I just don t take that many notes , I thought .
\\n\\nNow imagine that for invoices , reference photos , old magazines , newspaper articles , kids school awards , receipts , every recipe you own , the manual to your dishwasher , the color of paint in in your living room , the business card of the guy who installed your flooring , etc.\\n\\nWhether we like it or not , not_we not_need to acquire the skill of information management .
Please do take out the marketplace and announcement ads though .
You can t search within a specific notebook without not_typing in not_code ( very time consuming even IF you can figure out how to do it ) .
The list of search results should show the line of the found text , so you can see quickly if that s what you re looking for without not_having to not_open it .
\\n\\nWish I could create tables since I use this mostly to trap info for reference .
There are things it would be nice if EN could do but maybe we re all getting spoiled .
This is the only notepad solution I use for my business !
Whether you want to organize your butterfly collection or organize your dissertation Evernote can help you do it .
As of Dec upgrade it still crashes .
It has become something I rely on but it crashes on my iPhone .
I tried opening it from the App Store but it wouldn t let me .
This app alone is the first one I recommend to any family member or friend with a new iOS ( or other ) device .
Easy to search for information when I need it ,
I sure wish there was a better app than Evernote for this feature set because it has so many bugs and feature limitations .
I have been using this for sometime and I just love it .
Also wish there was a way to view all notes in Flipboard and to display alerts for random notes !
I don t need any other note taking apps to store my notes .
Every time I have something come up with in my mind , I just simply take a draft in Evernote and tag it as `` idea '' .
It crashes constantly .
When I update a note on my PC it takes forever to show up after I sync on phone , sometimes I even have to log out and back for it to show up .
So because of this program , I updated my iOS , and it changed its look completely and its stability .
It crashes every time within 2 minutes of using it .
Please make it stable , and if possible , bring back the old UI .
It would be nice to have a word counter feature though ,
If you are looking for an app to keep all your information : from pictures to web links , quotes , recipes , etc.This is the ultimate app , look no more !
Blurring out the right side means you can t read or really see that area when the sidebars open anyway .
I currently can not not_attach not_photos without it not_crashing , not_so I may have to find a replacement soon .
Just installed it on a new iPad ; I m glad I don t have too much invested in it , because I m abandoning it over the font size issue .
The font is smaller than that of any other app I use , and there is NO way to control it , short of using Evernote through a web browser which entirely defeats the purpose .
s problems with this app , 5 , ptcgkm , This is a great app , which I have been using for many years .
I tried fixing it myself before contacting support , but I made the problem worse .
\\n\\nI recommend Evernote to everyone I meet .
Since the new update the app crashes a lot on my 4s especially when I try to take a photo in the app .
Start crashing : ( ,
But since IOS7 , it crashes and freezes on a website at least once a week .
The only way I can continue is to go through iTunes to delete the whole app , then reinstall it .
Love the ease with which other apps can integrate with Evernote .
It constantly reports failure to synch , it freezes momentarily between all actions , it crashes here and thee , and the search function sometimes fails to find key words .
Note , some of my problems may be related with some incompatibility of iPad2 with iOS7 .
The problems I ve experienced are not as not_severe as not_what others are reporting .
I am still working on EN , but will also be on stand by , and looking for possible alternatives .
Yodaman70 , Not sure if this is an Evernote or iTunes issues but found this app and two others aren t upgradeable yet 60 other apps no not_problem .
It s time for Evernote to take a good , hard look at its software and start pulling features .
Still crashes a lot when capturing and attaching photos to the note .
This app is ok , but we need to get these machines to be more than places to brain dump .
And , each time a sync error occurs , the error report transmission fails as well .
I would use it exclusively if it had spreadsheet editing capabilities .
Had been five for me , but the update one previous to this broke it for whole tribes of us , and it took them a week to get the fix out ( see below ) .
How do these things get out of the gate ?
My only wish list item would be a URL scheme for passing information to the app or opening a search from elsewhere something Launch Center Pro could use .
\\n\\n** iOS Redesign **\\nProps to the Evernote team for not just not_tweaking the not_look of their app for iOS 7 like so many others .
Will update rating accordingly .
Tech support tried to help , and I m a premium user , but none of them came right out and said what was wrong , something like : `` Sir , you are experiencing what millions of others are experiencing .
We have created an unreliable app .
What happened ?
Just use Notebooks or OneNote .
These guys know how to think outside of the box to let a note taking app evolve and immerse itself into your life and business .
\\n\\nHighly recommended note taking app .
I ve been a loyal EN fan for years but just this week it s frozen and after reinstalling on both my iPad and iPhone , it crashes each time I open it .
Holidays are here and I m a disorganized mess without not_EN !
For some reason , it doesn t quite feel user friendly to me just yet .
And it s all available on iPad and iPhone .
Latest version crashes on launch on my iPad in iOS 7 .
I need my notes !
Contacted Evernote support ... ..they are working on the fix .
240 notes I can t see .
It crashes all the time and the only way I can resolve is uninstall/reinstall the app .
The new version crashes on startup on my iPhone and iPad .
Deleting app and reinstalling does not not_work not_either .
The latest version crashes on launch for my iPhone 5s .
This is the third update in 3 months that has crashed upon installation for me .
Just crashes .
Got the latest update and now it will not not_open on my not_phone .
Please fix this ASAP .
Now , it crashes when loading .
Please fix it !
The latest interface is substandard from a useability standpoint besides being ugly , and the latest version will not not_launch on my not_iPhone 5 .
Do not not_update .
Latest update crashes every time on startup on 5S .
I count on Evernote for many things across many devices but now the app just crashes on my iPhone 5 .
Please fix it or at least let us know you are working on this ,
Latest update crashes !
If you are having problems with the latest Evernote update here s the fix : \\n\\nIf you installed the latest update & amp ; Evernote is still crashing : \\n\\nGo to Settings , Privacy , Contacts look for Evernote & amp ; select OFF .
Just crashes shortly upon launch .
Evernote please fix ASAP ,
I will not not_use a not_note application I can t trust not to not_lose my not_information .
Since IOS 7,2 , it continues to crash upon opening .
It let me down AT THE HOSPITAL where I needed Medication List , Healthcare Power of Attorney and Living Will .
Epic FAIL ,
Don t upgrade , newest version has a connectivity problem with wifi and won t open .
Even after clean install this app crashes over and over ; ( \\nGuys , please test updates before releasing them .
How could this app fail so completely ?
They made it so complicated n difficult to use ( it was a lot more easier few updates ago ) , I have no not_idea not_how to add a note .
It won t remain open for more than 10 seconds before it crashes .
\\n\\nDeletion and reinstallation of the app has yet to resolve the issue .
App keeps freezing and then it crashes .
But upon latest upgrade crashes on open .
Do not not_upgrade on not_iPad .
Very disappointed I can t access my info as premium user .
The newest update crashes repeatedly !
Do not not_update !
Now I can t access any of my notes .
After the latest upgrades , there were issues and now it crashes and I can not not_access not_anything .
Please fix it !
I have tried to delete and reinstall but that didn t fix the problem .
New version crashes every time on iPhone 5 .
Please get a fix out soon .
The new version did not not_crash in my not_hand because I deleted it in 5 min and went back to the old version by syncing with iTunes library on my PC .
\\nThe biggest problem for the new version is people like me having 30 notebooks and 80 tags have big trouble switching between notes .
You have to tap several times between each switch .
\\n\\nThe second problem is the ugly interface , probably for matching the ugly icons of iOS 7 ?
It crashes .
mwingerski , If this development team focus on making the App WORK rather than always adding new features I might give this five stars \\nNew features are totally worthless if I can t even open the app after it updates\\nDon t bother sending a support request from within the app because no one not_ever not_reads it even if you are a premium subscriber ,
Unable to sync '' this is a past problem .
\\nThought I resolved problem when I uninstalled and reinstalled app on my iPhone .
Recent update causes Evernote on iOS to fail .
Whit screen of death ... can t even use ,
I don t have a problem paying for Premium , but not not_when it not_includes something so basic and essential that it s a joke to have to pay for .
Where is your QA ?
Update crashes all the time .
Once again Evernote has launched an update that crashes on both my iPad and iPhone 5S .
I even have the Premium version and bought several books on how to use the tool .
I think the power just takes a while to understand for each user .
Extending the brand into notebooks , backpacks , coffee mugs and T shirts works for Starbucks because the coffee tastes good and is reliably available .
Do not not_update .
The last update crashes upon opening on iPad and iPhone !
It tries to open for a few seconds then crashes to home screen .
I tried uninstalling rebooting reinstall but the same result occurs .
Please fix this ASAP !
Do you want your stars back Evernote ?
New version crashes on both iPad 2 and iPhone 4S .
Please fix app .
Updates crashes 5s\\nClean install same\\n\\nEvernote help no not_help\\nEvernote you .
I like it and it s available in all platforms .
I love Evernote and have become very reliant on it , one of the apps I can t do without not_however not_I am without it not_now not_because it crashes on open and will not not_open on not_iPhone .
Tried to delete and reinstall but it still crashes .
Sclathos , Evernote is not not_working not_after upgrade .
It will open but then it crashes and sometimes re opens on its own .
You can t open any notes when it does load .
When I try to take a photo as a note , the app crashes .
7.2 completely crashes on startup on iphone 5 and ipad 3 .
App crashes on update , even after reboot and reinstall .
Please address issue .
One of my all time favorite apps , however the latest update makes it unable as it freezes and crashes .
It s a great program , but since the last update last night , it just crashes every time I open it .
\\n\\nI uninstalled it , reinstalled it , still crashes .
I uninstalled it , did a clean boot , installed again , still crashes , Evernote , please fix this ASAP .
I called apple , and they said it was an app problem , not not_OS .
Now they need to add a quick way to add the card as a new contact .
Or am I missing something ?
Then after awhile it crashes .
Please don t drop the ball know .
Hire some peeps if you have to .
In fact , there is no way to not_finish the not_update at all .
It is problems like this that have prevented me from using Evernote in the first place .
Can not not_speak for not_other iOS devices , but this latest update crashes at launch on my 5s .
Tag view show tagged notes in all folders and is only available from the home screen .
Reminders can t be moved between shared notebooks whether you have editing rights or not , even not_if you not_created the Reminder , if you don t own the notebook , you can t move it .
\\n\\nLots of emphasis on green , very little on functionality they should try to mimic the desktop app , now whatever it is they re doing sooo wrong : ( ,
I recommend this app to everyone that I talk with about technology .
For example , I may create a category `` GOD '' and record scripture related to the Father , the Son and the Holy Spirit .
\\n\\nThere was a slow typing bug on the last version that was driving me crazy .
I thought at first that it was a sign I needed to upgrade to the iPad2 but I searched online and saw it was a common problem .
There is still a slow typing bug some times but now I can just type through it and it will catch up .
\\n\\nOnce again I love this app ( although they need to stop prompting me to keep filling out reviews ) : ) \\n\\n2013 07 09 Still love this app .
Since Evernote requires iOS 7 to run , I ve not not_been not_able to run this app since I unwittingly updated it in November .
I just need to remember to sync when I leave a particular device , so I don t end up with conflicts .
I know , I just need to get over it and get an iphone 5 .
No reason to think it will work better on that .
How does one delete a page ?
When I create a note and accidentally paste an image and delete it , after I save the note I can still see the miniature image of the deleted one in the notes preview in the main menu .
It s kind of annoying and I can t figure out how to delete it .
How do I delete it ?
\\n\\nCons \\n Buggy formatting , specially when copying and pasting from other applications and adding and removing bullets , numbering\\n Latest version ( and possibly older versions ) have a typing lag using an external bluetooth keyboard resulting in repeated characters\\n\\nWould be nice if there was\\n Built in sketching tool\\n Multiple color highlighter\\n Font size selection on ipad/iphone ,
It s not not_good to not_use for an idea you need to write down IMMEDIATELY .
\\nI like that you can organize notes into folders for easier access .
I recommend it and teach tutorials to friends and colleagues .
I don t need a fancy pony , give me a solid work horse ! !
What it can t do yet is select which computers sync what folders .
Evernote is a good app , but for the premium subscription , I expect a better iPad and iPhone app .
There are numerous typing and formatting issues ( keyboard obstructs the bottom of the page , can t standardize or adjust font , etc . ) and it s speed and performance is dreadful , even on a new iPad .
The problems that could be fixed to make this a 5 star app : 1 ) crashes ALL the time 2 ) doesn t allow you to create notebooks ... a problem if the intention is mobility .
\\n\\nUpdate : For the premium account , I d expect it to not not_crash not_all the time .
Penultimate continues to have issues with wrist protection that relies on changing a key feature of using an iPad .
You must turn off multi tasking gestures in order for it to work .
Big fail all around .
I have yet to forget an important thought or document .
t honestly know how I ?
On top of that , I just got a ScanSnap and being able to scan paper items directly into Evernote faster than a speeding bullet ( well , almost & lt ; LOL & gt ; ) is propelling my productivity and paper management into hyperspace !
It is great for those check lists of items that you need to get done .
This program provides seamless interaction from work to home and all areas in between .
\\n\\nI really hope you could fix these problems , thank you .
\\nEvernote , if you are listening , please fix this !
Please fix the bugs !
I ve been using it since 2009 and it has added several useful features during this time .
ON the iPad just take a screenshot of a webpage and add that to your note .
Penultimate integration is kind of awkward , wish there was a better way to add drawings to a note .
I m no not_software not_expert , but I can t figure out how to password protect notes on my iPhone , which has resulted in my 7yo discovering her Christmas gift list .
Plus I have accidentally created new notes while attempting to locate existing notes ( which seem to be almost impossible to keep organized , since they randomly move around ) , and deleting the note is far too complicated & amp ; time consuming .
There has to be a better solution out there ! !
Slow , non obvious how to use , poor organization , too many steps .
To do even the spleat things , difficult to read with poor contrast ( whoever thought green on green is a good idea should be fired ) .
\\n\\nEvernote please get your iOS act together .
The latest update however , has created a glitch where the year sometimes changes so my files get misplaced .
The app is great but I want the option to have a local ( non cloud ) notebook .
When I first started using Evernote I had a problem I accidentally deleted a large section of text , and there was NO UNDO function , so I lost stuff I needed badly at a crucial time .
Why does a picture need to be the full width of the text ?
We only use it now if we need to pull something that was already added to it , there is no longer a not_need to not_create or share through evernote .
I also added PDF handouts , which Evernote scans for searching .
\\n\\nUnfortunately , having a consistent , quick and non distracting text formatting scheme is not not_currently not_possible in Evernote , IMO .
Why can t we use this app w/o having to buy a new iPod ? ?
\\n\\n Not only that , the ability to submit a bug report on this sync conflict does not not_work not_either .
Now wherever I am , home , office , and IPad my notes etc are readily available .
I have created folders for the tests , surgical oncology , medical oncology , chemotherapy , radiation , & amp ; medical personnel , among others .
Love this app , but how does it still not have an not_`` not_Undo '' button ?
Please add this in the next update , it is LONG overdue ! !
Are you going to fix this , or not not_?
Now when I open it up it crashes moments later .
It is very easy to move around in and they listen when there is a problem .
Spell check is still missing and those wonderful notebooks remain MIA and are an ugly list .
It just isn t working and I need a reliable note repository .
Also some crashes after extended use .
The layout is now much less not_user not_friendly , it crashes and freezes frequently , and the startup screen especially is very cluttered .
You need to invest in a QA team , especially since you charge for your service .
And I record those notes just as I do the other ones that work just fine .
It finds notes I had forgot about which makes my work much easier .
Everyone once in awhile is done but it seems everything I just get the hang of things , they introduce yet another major change .
The only way to get it back working is to close it and reopen .
Two complaints : first I use this for GTD and need to enter notes quickly .
Please let me use the first line of the note as the default title ... this is the most intuitive way to go .
When I create new tasks tags appear that I didn t apply .
I highly recommend it .
So now , not only have not_they not_provided a useless app , but they re wasting my time with useless fixes , when it is the app that s broken .
\\n\\n \\n\\nI ve had a love hate relationship with Evernote for years , and it wasn t until their recent update I felt I could use it as my primary note taking app for iOS .
It wasn t broke before , so why `` fix '' it ?
I switched to Evernote from Google Drive because I needed an app that would allow me to write without an not_Internet not_connection .
I determine the length of my chapters by word count , and right now I have to pull it up on my desktop computer to see if I have written enough or too much .
I just bought a premium account and for the price , it s too good to be true .
Brandonfave , I can t rename notes .
This is a SERIOUS issue !
I just bought my first Mac ( a MacBook Pro ) and added Evernote right away based on friends recommendations .
But when I added it to my iPad so the two devices could sync etc . it completely screwed up my iPad so that the device often freezes or Safari suddenly shuts down .
Since Evernote is the only change I ve made to my iPad in a year I can t think what else could be causing this so I just uninstalled Evernote .
But I m changing my previous 5 star rating to 1 star because the app crashes every time it tries to sync my Evernote account on iPhone 5s .
I just up updated my ipad to ios 7 , as well as , installed this newer update for Evernote .
I would love to have the bugs fixed asap .
I upgraded to Premium because my lessons require detailed planning , photos , videos .
Many times I find amazing supplemental activities for my students and time fails me to achieve those goals .
I am awaiting an update and hoping you ll consider my suggestions .
Why hasn t the team added tables or the ability to do more font manipulation from the mobile apps .
Evernote is such a great idea , but it is constantly getting in my way of dealing with notes as I see fit .
I can t move notes from one notebook to another in the iOS versions .
Please fix this , I m canceling my premium subscription until this gets fixed .
Very frustrating and this makes it so the two step verification does not not_work !
\\n\\nI suggest the following .
\\n\\nThis is an interface bug .
Please fix it .
I just deleted an entire document when I meant to copy .
Please fix this as otherwise it is a great app !
I love and depend upon Evernote and the last update seemed to fix everything on the iPhone but still runs slow on my iPad .
Sometimes it crashes , or I can not not_open not_some files with it .
Just spend the time to learn it in the beginning , set up the shortcuts , and enjoy .
But today it crashed and lost all my data about 20 minutes into a meeting .
With the quality I experienced with this product in the past I can t believe they would release their software in this condition .
\\n\\n** UPDATE 10/20/2011**\\nMany of the bugs have been fixed and the app is looking very good .
However there is still a bug that causes a lot of crashing .
If you touch and hold in an attempt to position the cursor the application crashes hard .
Luckily my data wasn t lost like last time but in a meeting where time can sometimes be short I don t need to be restarting my software .
It crashed when I attempted to select a recipient s email address from Exchange .
It would only use my default account and I wanted to use my business account .
Finally I needed to copy my notes out so I could email using the correct account and I noticed that `` copy '' doesn t work on the review screen .
There is still one bug when trying to move the cursor around .
Evernote keeps on adding new features but many old bugs are present while adding new ones .
Either way I m dam glad to have consistency again , my memory is bad enough without it .
Highly recommend this app for everything .
Didn t have this issue before upgrading to iOS 7 ,
But I would like to have the availability to modify size and color of a word or whole sentence in a paragraph .
\\nFunctionality and sharing is great , but needs a facelift for sure .
This was a great app that now crashes every other day and requires a re install .
Or maybe that should be stated in the past tense .
\\n\\nIt simply does not not_work not_anymore .
the iphone app , even on my brand new & amp ; fully updated iphone , crashes almost every day at least once .
Shame I now have to mirror all my important lists in the simplenote app\\n\\n Will update review to five stars again once iOS these bugs have been fixed .
But they shouldn t make you pay to view your notes when you have no not_Internet not_connection .
Where are my other notes ?
Bugs from 7.0 are still in 7.1.1 yet they had time to add new , and useless , functionality .
Unfortunately , I have to write my complaint here , because the app is so buggy , it continues to tell me that `` there was an error submitting your ticket .
Please fix the mobile apps , or I fear you ll lose more than just me .
Why would an developer DELETE features like that and limit their software ?
Now I need a new app and need to transfer over a Gig of documentation .
\\n\\nI would suggest testing before deploying new software .
First off , the app freezes and crashes too often and the most inopportune times .
\\n\\nAlso , the app needs a little better design , maybe color coding or something to differentiate your notebooks .
I expect greater reliability and am not not_happy to have to not_uninstall , reinstall and resync ( which did fix the problem ) .
\\n\\nAlso , do we really need a new update almost every day ?
Keeps crashing ,
\\n\\nI think the EN team need to really go and study the purpose of UI .
I just lost a few days of notes from an important conference .
\\n\\nI checked with google and many other people have had similar issues where data syncs don t keep the correct versions .
I think evernote should add an option to not not_sync not_every time I open the app .
Every tap requires a several second long pause .
Great app , keep adding my notes .
I created a new note today and Evernote titled it with Lyn s Birthday .
I don t need a update every week .
I can t even open Evernote without it not_crashing not_... even after the update .
\\n\\nCan t believe I rely so much on this app and how much the Evernote team has failed me .
Why can t we have the same interface as the PC version ?
Yes , there is an issue with sync that is causing some note changes to not not_display .
\\n\\nThe only change that has yet to be made , which would require six stars , is better control for nested lists .
It needs to fix the bugs it s really annoying ,
What was so wrong with the old 5.x interface ?
\\n\\nGlad you can now edit notes since that lack was truly a pain .
I think there is time ?
Fair enough , but why would one spend money to do that after this disastrous new version ?
Uninstalling and reinstalling app fixed it , but apparently a lot of users are having the same problem .
Stupid that this bug hasn t been fixed yet and I have to search around on forums to figure out how to fix this .
\\n\\nEither way you have to wait , making Evernote increasingly useless for note taking .
\\n\\nIn the old days Evernote you could at least trigger a manual sync with one touch from the main screen .
Recently though it continues to crash .
It crashes , it freezes , won t sync notes to my iPad without not_encountering an not_error .
Please bring search back to the home screen .
Stability could be worked on from engineering side .
Upgraded to the newest iPhone 5s and now ever note fails every time I open it .
Both the application and the browser version on my iPad 2 are crashing , burning , and totally failing .
The UI is confusing , and it crashes a lot .
It has some bugs and some design flaws , but the team is constantly working to iron things out .
This app provides a great solution for keeping my random stuff organized !
Please fix it now !
t need constant interface update , we need stability and functionality improvement .
Why can ?
Why Evernote still can not not_do not_this ?
\\nSpeed needs to be improved on the iphone app .
Ill add that I think there should be a shortcut to add quick notes from the home screen .
Evernote has a lot of potential , but they desperately need to get their act together .
There is still room for improvement of course , but as of now I use Evernote to save anything and everything I need to remember .
Please please please make UNDO button !
Consistency between font size b/w the app and the pc website , please !
Finally , syncing issues are AWFUL .
No idea how to quickly , intuitively create a new note book .
It crashed when I tried to connect it to other iphone apps ( scanner pro ) .
I used to love Evernote since I kept story notes on it but now I can t even access half of them through my phone : / ,
The new update is a good idea but the implementation isn t quite to my liking .
It needs a little easier access to recent notes ( right now you can only see 2 ! )
The user interface could use some work it s difficult to edit things on a mobile device when you re away from the computer .
The general idea of the app is a great one and I started to use it to store our grocery list on however , it constantly crashes and when you update the grocery list on one device and then get to the store oftentimes the updates are not not_there or not_there s been a conflict so then there are two lists you don t know which one is which !
This app had worked nicely before , but the new version crashes every time .
I have not not_had not_any major problems with this app .
I clicked a link in one of my notes , Safari opened , I read what I needed to read , clicked Done and .
What happened to this app ? ?
The only way I can get it to sync to my iPhone is to delete the app then re install it .
\\n\\nApp development will occasionally run into bugs , HOWEVER , if the main selling points if your app are reliability and access from anywhere , this is more than a bug .
I don t write reviews , but this has SO impacted the way I work that it NEEDS to be fixed .
App does not not_work at not_all .
Does everything I need it to do .
Excellent app but the other day it did not not_update not_entry from iPad note to desktop .
No big deal but it would be nice if they fix that small error .
Well , I can quickly get used to iOS7 but I failed to get used to new Evernote so far .
Please bring back the old interface even if it s skeuomorpic .
But please change this version .
I know you will make this better .
Please change it back or make full fledged changes .
I can t think of a reason to give it four .
As for me , rather than looking for what s wrong with it I m going to try to figure out everything I can about how to use it better and better .
\\n I would like to see the ability to pick the thumbnail s picture in the iOS version .
could they even do it ?
Just make the app work again & amp ; leave it alone .
I haven t needed it as much the last week or so , so when the app froze up repeatedly , I just shrugged it off as a fluke and a unique problem to me not not_realizing a not_support group of sorts had formed and was getting larger by the minute .
Another issue that popped up for me in one of the updates just prior to the latest update was when one day my default notebook switched all on its own .
\\nAnother frustration : how about making a comprehensive user s manual available .
And how about fixing the random issue when adding new tags .
I will try to make the first letter upper case , but Evernote displays a lower case letter even if the caps lock button is activated .
Forget about taking pics and then adding text .
\\n\\n2/28/2013 : latest update doesn t work .
Evernote + Dropbox have made my life and ministry so much better .
Since the last update , evernote is not not_working as it not_used to .
You have to delete the app and re download it .
Please change it back .
I wish I could get that update off my phone ! !
Please fix it .
The current version of Evernote for iPad and iPhone should be avoided at all costs .
Update crashes !
I have been waiting for them to fix this app .
I had this program for 2 months , had allot of very important information kept inside , pictures/notes/memos , etc . , all of a sudden while using it , it CRASHED on me and when I went back in , everything was gone !
I use an IPad 2 with plenty of memory , had no not_other not_programs running to even suggest a conflict !
DO NOT USE THIS UNLESS YOU WISH TO RISK LOSING IMPORTANT DOCUMENTS/files/ information .
I ve been a premium subscriber for years , but if this isn t fixed soon I ll need to look elsewhere .
t even open any of my notes or create new ones .
I really need this puppy to work !
I ve submitted a support request on their website but , three days later , have heard nothing : ( ,
Why change a great user experience into one that is difficult and causes much grief and having to read learn the workflow every six months ?
I don t know , you would have to ask the developers .
It keeps freezing , it crashes !
Now I just use it on my browser .
Please fix this .
It worked just fine before why Evernote did you force a horrid change on us ?
Most of my notes are missing !
Please fix this .
They did what you expected , a couple buttons to make a note , take a picture , type and save .
Just show me my existing notes , give me a plus sign to make a new one , offer me a camera icon if I want to take a picture .
What s the mystery about getting this right ?
Would have appreciated more proactive communication from Evernote about that glitch & amp ; how to fix , but generally they ve done a good job in the past .
The bugs need to be fixed in the update ! ! !
Plus it is having problems syncing !
And every time I try to access that single note the app crashes .
It took you a minute to figure where Notebook select is located , and the new white ish UI makes you can not not_distinguish the not_elements .
I just lost over an hour of lecture notes due to switching to my textbook app to reference something , came back , and my note was gone !
\\n\\nThis app needs some serious updates and improvements .
This update is pretty bad , it freezes and I can t input anything or save .
I wouldn t download until these issues have been fixed .
Very frustrating to use this app for so many things for so any years to it now be junk , it always 100 % of the time without a not_single not_exception crashes , I am paying $ 5/mo just to be frustrated all the time , I m glad I got turned down when I suggested to the company I work for that we get a large Evernote for business account , everyone would have hated me for having suggested such a horrible unstable app .
I have access anytime I need it , including offline .
They made a lot of great updates as well that make it easy to use and the sharing notes capability is amazing .
Just deleted the app , hopefully reinstalling will help .
App is extremely buggy and crashes all the time .
Please start listening .
Must have You can do everything on the app that you can online .
\\n\\nThey should be fired \\n\\nAll my notes are on my laptop nothing on my iOS device and iPad this app is bonkers \\n\\nThe purpose of a mobile app is to have a similar experience \\n\\nDo it right then launch or don t do it at all \\n\\nWho s crazy idea was it to launch an incomplete product ,
I know the logo is green but now they went and made the entire interface green green green .
, Come on Evernote , please fix this problem .
Please fix this !
Now it freezes and crashes .
Evernote crashes and won t open on IPhone 4.0 .
I love evernote so much , I m a premium subscriber , but the latest update has made the app unusably slow on my iphone 4 .
Search should be easy , as should adding photos ( shouldn t need two taps ) .
Anyway , I really hope the next version is much better , this is not not_what not_I expected from evernote .
App consistently crashes seconds into reading a note or searching .
I know if I need to remember something or am looking for something it will be there .
What has happened to the months of data entrusted to your program ?
I just want easy access to my notes , not not_branded not_merchandise or superfluous announcements about branded merchandise .
\\n\\nEvernote needs to revert back to simplicity , white space , and easy note taking .
Since the latest upgrade that purportedly `` fixed bugs '' it crashes on my iPad regularly .
So please fix the new freezes and crashes ASAP !
Did you even have humans try out the software before you released it ?
This new version now does not not_work on my not_iPad .
Now every time I start the app ( whether the keyboard is connected or not not_) the not_app freezes and I can t do anything .
\\n\\nMy company supports OneNote .
Please fix it .
Brilliant app but crashes on iPad and iPhone .
Not only is the current design a step backwards , the app has become complicated , takes more time to type in tags when previously just instantly selected from my list , but worst of all , the app has become so slow on my iPhone 4 , I can barely even use it anymore .
LoulouTut , Used to be my favorite app but after this update I can t even use it because it crashes as soon as you open it .
Update : still crashes , slow , clunky but improving .
Opening a PDF from iPhone s mail in evernote makes it crash almost always .
\\n\\n \\n\\nthis app used to be much more stable on the iPhone but has started to constantly crash on me .
Please fix things !
I would give Evernote a higher rating if I could change the font size , use color text , and create notebook stacks while on the iPad app .
BackPainFree , I updated my app today and it was all there but now I just have a black screen !
Emcow Minka , I just downloaded it and can t open it on my iPad !
\\n\\nThen after adding a lot of content , I start using the iPad version .
Many issues but two major top issues are : \\n\\n1 No font choice or size option ... .really ?
You have to navigate back to the exact spot where you left off .
\\n\\nThe app needs basic features added and a better look .
I can t open it on my iPhone since the latest update .
Please fix it so I can access notes on iPhone .
Please fix ASAP !
How can they release an update with completing proper testing ?
The location of a note also can t be removed if you don t need it .
Please add handwriting ability to the notes so we can draw and have text without not_having to not_open a separate app and save the drawing as an uneditable photo .
Please turn that off ! ! ! ! !
could you tell me why the notes on my iphone can not not_keep not_up to date after I edit using my laptop ?
Also , I just lost more than half of my notes with this update .
But it has not not_work not_correctly since the new update .
It continues to crash , stall and fail .
Please fix it back to the way things were .
\\n\\nThey released an update which was to fix bugs and yet nothing has changed .
As a paying customer I can not not_continue to not_use tools that can t function with a high level of reliability .
\\n\\nProblems are understandable at times ; but to not not_address not_them in a timely manner when you have paying customers is not .
There s no not_consistent not_UI location for adding photos .
On one screen the add button is here , on another the photo button is there and looks slightly different .
This is very disappointing , why didn t QA catch this ?
Please fix ASAP .
I get a sync fail error and the screen freezes every time I open the app .
I used to love Evernote , but when I updated it I can no longer not_access not_any of my notes .
Please fix it .
Since this last update , either I can t even open a note , or if I get it open , I can t scroll down the page .
Please , please , pretty please fix it !
If I hadn t just had major surgery , I would go to my iMac , back everything up , delete and re install it .
We need these apps to work all the time , not just not_when not_we have time or the ability to try to get them to work .
It crashes constantly it does not not_sync , not_I can not not_find not_things .
Do not not_use it .
They must be having friends write good reviews because no one not_I not_can imagine would give this a decent review after using it for more than a day .
Apple , please remove this stupid junk program ,
I spoke with customer service and there is no way not_around not_this cut off .
Evernote , why would you restrict the ability to use your service ?
But , like many other people its worrying that the developers have lost sight of what made their original product so welcome , simplicity .
They should be forced to look at the dropbox site on a daily basis !
Please fix this ! ! !
I ve been using it since 2010 and I have never not_had not_any major issues with the app or its upgrades .
Might be useful if it wasn t so buggy and constantly Crash .
\\n\\nAnyone who needs a way to organize research has a lot to gain from this program .
How does this company and its app stay in business these days ?
Are there people who actually pay for functionality that s standard on other apps ?
Now , after a series of shoddy updates that gave us an ugly , complicated , and buggy user interface , I can t even paste text into a note .
The app crashed on me repeatedly for a little while so I uninstalled it and reinstalled it and it works now .
Can t even open the stupid app ... When it does open it crashes .
s of Notes that I have created over the years .
I guess the only way to see them on the iOS7 app is to edit them on the Mac OSX version ?
\\n\\nEpic fail Evernote .
Please fix the ridiculous searching blunder ASAP .
Yes , I tried restarting , and it did try , but quickly failed .
Please fix this .
Opening a nite that contains a picture crashes the app .
Atticus97 , I use this service for important notes so it s a serious problem when I can t access them or they have disappeared .
Evernote should get some help from Apple staff on how to create a satisfying user interface .
I ve had it crash many times , and when using the list bullets it can get very difficult if you try to copy and paste entire lines .
\\n\\nThe worst problem , though , was that it seemed to forget two weeks worth of history notes .
Mistakes like this are why I hesitate to pay for premium .
lawngh , Love Evernote , but can t even open the app on my 5s anymore .
The big issue is that it is slow to react to user input , even on a 5s .
\\n\\nAlso , if you start clicking away and get too far ahead of the app , it will crash .
I ll keep using it in the hope that all of this is fixed in the future .
I loved this app in its simpler stages before the latest update for iOS 7 now it feels harder to navigate and understand how to take advantage of the new features .
I click the notebook I need , then the document and that s it .
I really like the new design but I really need to customize the home screen .
It takes too much time to get to what I need .
Where are all my notes ?
not not_worth a not_single star , however i have to give one so my review will appear .
liquid air , Used to work fine , but now crashes upon start .
When i updated my app most of my notes were partially or completely erased from app .
Only issue is now I have too many notes ; ) Can t wait to try out the post it notes feature ,
Im on an original iPad mini and so maybe that s part of he deal but it seems like there are still little thins that need some work .
Tried using but all it does is crash crash crash .
Looking for a new note taking app because this is no longer a not_useful not_app , as I have to rewrite my notes in a different program to fix all the errors I can t easily fix within Evernote anymore ,
Now it also crashes frequently .
Why did they change things that were working well ?
Photos taken when the drywall was off proved invaluable later when a worker needed to know what was behind a newly finished wall .
It s a great idea and syncing is easy .
\\n\\n \\n\\nUpdate : Evernote still has problems , 56 iterations later .
The App freezes almost every time , and then will eventually crash .
This app has changed my life and made me smarter .
I ve only started to have problems recently .
The new UI is more difficult to navigate quickly through and it now crashes on start up or mid use .
If bug fixes don t come soon I could be moving along to another notes app as I would like to use Evernote daily .
It works great for school purposes and I highly recommend using this app for education or any other purpose .
So this application to jot down things I need to do , both big and small , without not_using not_hundreds of papers , saves trees , time , and money .
Every time I open Evernote , the whole app freezes and I can not not_do not_anything .
Please fix this bug .
What in the world happened ?
I m beyond frustrated that when it will open on my iPhone , it usually crashes .
The last updates have made it a clunky design , not to not_mention not_incredibly slow .
Please improve ! !
Despite being an Evernote Premium user , I m having difficulty recommending this app .
I fear that I will soon be completely unable to use this app as it gets more redesigns and updates .
I do wish Evernote and Things could be combined into an uber app .
\\n\\nFor those experiencing a crash with latest update ( Oct 2013 ) , I resolved mine by removing the app and reinstalling it from the App Store .
\\nAnd you really have to redesign the list `` check boxes '' and make it easier to check .
\\nOr u can just add a `` To Do list note '' to make lists out if it with better UI .
\\n\\nReally liked Evernote , please fix ! ! !
But recently things are getting out of control that I feel like a review must be written to reflect this .
I tried to send feedback but received no not_response .
I would have made changes on my phone and sit there for ten minutes and changes still not not_reflected on the not_web browser , vice versa .
I hope it s just a bug but please fix it .
BUT this app constantly crashes and freezes ! ! ! !
I didn t think I needed yet another app cluttering my systems and getting out of sync .
\\n\\nThe app works really well and supports a lot of cross platform functions that I use a lot .
Now I just need a better way to file them .
I live by Evernote , but redesigning for the sake of redesigning is never a not_good not_thing .
I can t use notes but I m close to moving on also !
There is no way to not_add a not_specific time & amp ; date stamp to entries within a note .
Why is everyone complaining ?
The default home screen is perfect , I don t know why people are annoyed that you need to be premium to customize it when it s already good .
Negative reviews likely due to lack of time spent learning how to use it .
Please fix this ! ! ! ! !
\\n\\nOk , I can t list a third because I can t use it .
Why am I here ?
The new update to iOS 7 is a bit more stable , still crashes or locks daily .
Also , the reminders feature is great , but if you have more than one thing in a note , it would be good to be able to set the reminder for a specific item in a note .
I love Evernote , but the latest update needs definite fixes !
Please fix an update soon ! ! ! ! !
Ive only had a couple problems with syncing but it usually is recoverable .
I recommend using evernote for all your note needs !
And recently the app crashes more often than it works .
Does exactly what I need it to do and works seamlessly .
\\n\\nOnce I name a note , why is it still called a New Note ?
Why can I cancel it and delete so easily ?
The plus sign is such an easy symbol to click , yet it s only available after I search for it .
What happened to the Star slide out ?
\\n\\nCurrently , the new favorites menu toggler makes you wonder if you re `` favoriting '' the entire list of notes or just calling up your shortcuts .
It will now only work if I uninstall it then re install it .
It will only work once and then if I open it again it will be nothing but a black screen .
What was the association fees in that community I showed in last year ?
It crashes and freezes .
The latest update seems to have resolved a lot of problems and I am very grateful to have my Evernote backs and working ,
What is this ?
How in the world does he leave search off of the main page in this app ?
He must not not_use not_this app very much .
The latest update makes it so the program crashes when I attempt to open a note !
I made a note on my computer , sync , not on my not_phone .
Instead , recording audio is a major hassle that requires several clicks and sub menus .
\\n\\n # Places is badly implemented\\n\\nPlaces is a great thing in theory see your notes on a map .
I need some context , like showing only points from a certain notebook or tag .
\\n\\nI will update this review when the app changes .
Could use a few more options for organization but overall great program ,
with this update it crashed every time .
Please fix it !
I walked down the hall at work staring at my screen perplexed not not_knowing not_how to search my notes .
This app is crashing my iPad 3 .
When I uninstall have no not_issues with not_iPad .
Other times I need to do a hard reboot of iPad .
While desktop version still works , major benefit is to sync and have data available on mobile devices .
But it would be nice to have away of finding out what all of the icons are for .
I have to transfer all my notes out of Evernote because it never not_ever not_works .
\\n \\nThese latest versions have had some problems with stability .
It is so great to have ability to take notes anywhere and available on any other computer .
I gave a four star because I can t easily delete a picture if I want to switch for a better one or just remove .
Evernote can only be used by iOS 7 so why doesn t it have swiping features to `` go back '' ? ?
Unusable now please fix ASAP .
please , please , please make a black background optional when writing notes .
please deeply consider this for a loyal fan .
The changes are making me feel embarrassed , since I recommend Evernote and sing its praises to people constantly .
Now I think I might get stoned ( you know , with rocks ) by everyone I ve told to use it !
Please bring back headings and subheadings .
Bring back the at a glance original white home screen , and bring back my wonderful app that never not_crashed and not_synced flawlessly so I can stop feeling so humiliated .
I like the idea of this app but there are some problems .
\\nFirstly every time I make a new note it crashes .
It just gives me a blurry full sized photo .
Is it possible to make it as fast/simple as the notes app from Apple ?
I stopped using it because sometimes I have to take notes very quickly and in that second it takes to load I may forget one of the many things I m told to remember .
VNessaG28 , Even after 2 updates I still can t get to my notes ? ! ?
It s practical worthless if I can t access stuff on the go .
I can t stand how it is now !
All you need is 4 HUGE buttons : ( Notebooks , Notes , Find and New note ) \\nAs a business professional , I can t stand trying to find something for a client right in front of me and I have to navigate through the app like I m trying to weed through Windows Root Directory .
The most amazing app , for sure the most used on my iPad , however I liked some features of the older version , please bring back the option to make Paragraph headers and subsections .
, 5 , waselreins , It takes way too many taps to get to what I need .
Please fix this , Evernote .
I can finally use Evernote again !
Whenever I try to open an old note , the new update crashes the program .
And now I can t even open some notes because the app just crashes .
\\n\\nOriginal Review\\n /\\nThe UX engineer should be forced to re read The Design if Everyday Things .
There s not not_enough not_contrast between the colors on launch , so readability is a major issue .
But now it s just too hard to figure out how to do things too many `` clicks '' .
It would be great if this could get fixed ,
It just needs a note lock .
7.1 gives home screen editing which is great but still absolutely need search on the main screen at the top !
The app has synced my notebooks but says no not_notes not_are available in any of them .
\\n\\nThe app rarely not_remembers my not_login information which is another huge problem .
Update : they added the feature so now it s five stars !
\\n\\nAlso you can t select from your predefined list of tags when adding a new note .
\\n\\nBig fail ,
I read the terrible reviews but said , '' hey these guys are too big a company to have these types of bugs , it must be fixed by now . ''
\\n\\nToday I started the day bragging to a colleague how awesome this platform was and I couldn t wait for my JOT pen that will put it all on steroids !
Where is it ?
Tech support says to send screen shot but that doesn t work because that feature is also now not not_working !
And I would hate to tell you about the issues I am having with Evernotes Safari web clipper app .
What happened ?
Please fix your software Evernote because today you are Ever Not !
The real problem is that the app crashes about 60 % of the time when trying to open PDFs which is just awful .
One of the most used features for me was creating hyperlinks .
As far as I can tell , that feature was removed .
OK this used to be a great app , then you went to `` fixing '' it and destroyed it .
Please add refresh button back ! ! !
kmc979 , Great service but latest update the app no longer not_works , not_very frustrating , especially when you need it ,
Take a look at your reviews , you re not not_going to have not_many premium members until you address issues .
Also , why do other apps have to address task management ?
The screen randomly jumps down the page to where you can not not_see not_what you re working on .
UI needs a redesign .
When using a Bluetooth keyboard , the bottom bar covers up the current line that you re typing on .
More i use it , the more it crashes or freezes .
I told everybody I know about it and recommended it to everybody .
This new design and layout is so confusing , I don t recommend it to anybody .
I just got the 5S , and the app crashes before it completely loads .
The new iOS app is a fantastic update , and really simplifies navigation of my content that I added from my other devices ( Mac , Windows , and web UI ) .
I highly recommend this app for iOS No other service I use connects and completes my digital life like Evernote does .
Change is not an not_issue for me not_because of that .
It would be nice if the app had folders for better organization .
Fed up with it , I deleted the app and reinstalled it a week or two ago and I haven t had a problem since !
\\nThank goodness for Evernote because my computer s hard drive crashed and it s going to take a week to fix and I will lose everything on it .
Adding tags to notes is a real struggle without a not_scrolling not_list to pick from .
I ve always been an advocate of evernote but lately it seems to just be crashing everytime I open a few notes .
Please fix ASAP .
Why is announcements front and center ?
But be ready for the onslaught of complaints when users can t even open the new updated app without it not_freezing .
All I want to do is add notes , search notes , and browse notes I ve previously added .
\\n\\nIt would also be nice if we didn t have to look at that horrible green .
As a premium user , it would be nice to select alternate backgrounds .
The screen for typing was decreased by almost half the screen because of the side bar ( why would that happen ?
Also , please bring back the font differences for headings and subheadings !
All I want to do is create a note and it takes ~5 seconds every time I launch the app to just create a note .
Just lost the notes from a critical meeting when the app crashed and didn t sync .
Not only is the note gone , but the app will no longer not_open on my not_iPad .
Just need better font options .
Evernote wants you just to deal with it , as they seem to have no not_plans to not_fix it .
Lest we forget this is a note taking app .
I think this company has made a good effort , but has lost focus and added too much fluff into it .
Crashes so often at startup it s four to six opens and crashes before it finally stays open .
The app has so little contrast that I can t visually differentiate things anymore .
In their enthusiasm to make things different they apparently forgot to ask if all the changes would affect usability .
\\nI can not not_feel the not_hierarchy between the notes and notebooks , there seems to be a bug showing the two latest notes on the main screen .
You ve been good job so please update this app to which all users can feel comfortable .
There is a To Do format , but , for example , I would appreciate a template for Recipes .
\\nI tried complementary programs with Evernote , such as Skitch , but I just don t get that one .
You can import pics and ppt and adobe , you can email or facebook links to share notes , you can even search your notes for key phrases !
Sometimes it crashes , but when you open it back up it works just fine again .
I also recommend Quizlet for digital note cards you can share on FB .
I definitely recommend it , and I recommend getting creative with using this tool .
Please fix it .
It does not not_work a not_smoothly as before .
And I can t figure out how to delete old notes .
\\nIf you re confused about where stuff is at , I m not not_really not_sure you need to be using a phone to begin with .
\\n\\nBut the fact that I can not not_add not_recent photos from my album ! ? ! ? ! ! ?
This must be fixed !
I m still learning how to use it but so far I love that I can keep notebooks with different titles , and attach pictures .
I also wish there were a way to sort notebooks manually without not_having to not_manipulate the subject title to fall alphabetically or by date ) .
\\n\\nAlso , searches not not_working not_correctly as I get multiples of each item when using my saved searches ; as a heavy user of tags this makes it difficult to find what I need when I need it .
I m not not_sure not_how the new clothing line is selling but maybe put some time into fixing the glitches ?
It crashed a bunch the first week , but it s more stable now , and despite the fact that Evernote doesn t perfectly cater to all of my expectations in all situations , I feel good about my investment in the franchise .
Do not not_download not_if you expect the browser to work !
Also my iPhone Evernote won t move and my PC Evernote fails to sync ,
Sunil Houston , I had to do a rest for my version 1 Ipad running iOs 5.1 , but the new version only supports iOS 7 , so I can t use the program ! !
But i hate the fact there is no way to not_hide or not_remove the market and the announcements .
How do i delete a note ?
Search does not not_work .
E.g . Adding camera roll photos only works for photos shot before September 2013 totally random limitation .
Evernote just makes everything work better together .
Now it s not not_working at not_all .
\\n\\nIt does not not_do not_automatic spell check , you can not not_change the not_color , you can not not_remove not_links if they were copied and pasted into notes , etc.\\n\\nIf it had even those four features I would have given it a higher score .
Why are these updates getting worse ?
Why would you remove these features ?
I was out today and needed to refer to a note from my iPhone 5s .
I was so excited to get this app and now so disappointed because I can not not_use not_this at all .
I have been paying to be a `` PREMIUM '' member ( yes there is a cost ) and they just wiped away the atlas map feature called `` Places '' that gives you an overall view of all the folder entries by location .
The software will crash once I try to open some notes with picture .
Freezes them crashes .
I made a stupid mistake taking that plunge .
I can add one text note on my computer , and waiting for that to be available on my iOS device is a chore .
The app doesnt work , it crashes and freezes .
Please fix it now .
You can turn them off on the Mac , but why can t you do that on iPhone ?
Do I really need to see your announcement every time ?
The app also fails to load and crashes on my machine more often than not .
I do not not_know not_why this is or how to fix it .
Please fix the laggy keyboard interface ! !
\\n\\nI can t believe they decided to release this version without not_Places not_( location ) search !
I used Evernote 10x a day I recommended it to hundreds of colleagues and executives .
\\n\\nOLD REVIEW : \\nBoy , it sure would be nice to be able to access my notes in iOS 7 .
Now you have to go back a couple pages just to get to them .
I take pics from my phone when I need to remember something and tag it , written notes on my iPad , and clipper notes on my desktop .
If they added * to auto bullet I would never not_suggest not_One Note to a friend ever again .
\\n\\nI m an Evernote evangelist , but I honestly could not not_recommend not_this mobile app .
One of my favorite must have apps now has me cringing every time I need to use it .
Don t Updated to iOS7 cause I noticed the paragraph section is missing the ability to create `` Section , subsection , paragraph and blockquote '' as I was able to in the previous version .
On an unrelated note , I d buy a Evernote Moleskine IF they were made so that the grids were automagically removed when imported into the program .
\\n\\nREALLY need to fix camera roll issue .
Keep losing notes because the sync function is defective and does not not_work not_between devices .
please fix this !
do not not_upgrade .
I can t put hyperlinks into my notes anymore .
( Yes , I know you can download only headers .
I am spending a lot of my time deleting and reinstalling the app so it will work ... for awhile .
We need the reliability not the not_attempt at not_glitz .
This needs to be fixed or I will need to soon look for another app for my students .
Since the latest update , the home screen freezes as soon as it loads and I can t access any of my notes .
I have had synchronization issues with it but since that has not not_been a not_problem for me , it is not an not_issue .
One wishlist item would be to allow a more scalable solution for adding sub items within notebooks ( much like a file system method ) .
Please fix this .
I can t even comment on the redesign , what with not not_having not_any of my notes in the app .
Really hope this is some temporary glitch , but honestly not not_expecting a not_lot from this company anymore .
Unusable in my iPhone because I can t consistently log in , and once I m in I can t navigate to anything .
I used to love Evernote ; easy to use and easy to find anything I had created .
Make it easy on us and just give us the option to go back to the `` Classic Version '' !
This app is not as not_easy to not_use as it could be , and takes too long to load up when you just have a second to jot something down ,
Disappointed I hope you can fix the bugs etc . ,
Part blame may be with iOS 7 in general as bugs get fixed , etc. , but I don t have this major issue with any other `` designed for iOS 7 '' apps .
Please fix this .
Search box should be on the home screen rather than first needing to open all notes or notebooks .
\\n\\n It crashes I can t even write down a note\\n the sync doesn t work properly\\n the UI is completely messed up its not not_user not_friendly ,
If I need to go back and make an edit , the limited space makes it impossible .
Every time I attempt to open anything the app crashes .
\\n\\n~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~\\nThe idea and usefulness of the Evernote service is great .
Depending on what interface you re using to create/edit notes , the type of formatting tools available will vary significantly .
Ever since update it is just crashing without not_opening .
Upgrade is worst than the previous version , please fix problem .
So many things I would have tried and failed to remember .
So many magazines I would have stacked up in case I needed their information .
Freezes when you open app , crashes and restarts the app then crashes again !
I never not_write not_reviews but this app is so bad it deserves one and I need to get this off my chest .
In any other app it works perfectly fine but not in not_this one and it not_is so annoying because I m typing really fast while in class and it would be nice if it could fix the simple mistakes .
I can t scroll or tap on anything .
So I failed my quiz and now I have no way to not_get my not_other notes .
It s worked well and always been there when I needed it .
Please fix this ASAP .
Why can t I search from the opening screen ?
So , in the main screen , I need two options : create and search .
They ve got create , so why no not_search not_?
Please , Evernote , pull it together .
When adding a `` Saved Image '' to a note on iOS the images taken on the same day are not not_correctly not_placed in chronological order .
Update 10 October 13 : I have been evaluating MicroSoft OneNote since the latest Evernote update ( can t believe I just typed that ) .
\\n\\nOne other issue is that on the iPhone 5 , it is difficult to check boxes on a checklist without not_Evernote not_going into full on edit mode , bringing up the keyboard , and making the note difficult to read and navigate .
I do not have not_this not_problem with other apps .
I ve never not_been not_so confused as to what is what or how to get anywhere .
Why couldn t you just make it look nice with iOS 7 and leave what worked well ?
How is that an improvement ?
Adding a photo to a note now requires me to click the weird paper click icon then the camera \\n3 .
I can t assign tags to a note , you now have to type them in completely .
Where is the places tab to see where my notes were created ?
How bout some white space ?
You just doubled my storage needs on my syncing devices !
You should at least have the option to select a lower quality codec in the settings .
There are other companies out there right now that will be taking advantage of your bull ?
Moving between folders , going from note to note , and any other type of task now requires additional effort that was never not_involved not_before .
WendellaP , Ever since the most recent update I am unable to use Evernote on my iPhone .
\\nI ve been an Evernote advocate and told friends they need to use it but no more .
I need to transfer these photos to another album so that I can acess them on this app .
For example at the end of a meeting i take a picture of the whiteboard with my personal phone and by the time i get back to my desk the notes are available at my corporate pc .
\\nI recommend it to all my friends all my employees use it as well .
Hope they resolve it or folks will start jumping ship .
There are so many taps you have to go through to access basics .
It would also be nice to access Dropbox from Evernote .
Now it just doesn t work .
That s bad enough , but think about it : if I don t have a network connection ( airplanes , anyone ) then I can t log in and can t use the app at all .
But everyone has their limits , and mine are determined by the things I need to get done in life and how Evernote was supposed to help , not not_hinder , not_those goals .
Now it crashes on me every time I load the app .
Solution appears to be to reinstall Evernote .
I ve been told they re aware of it and will be fixing it soon , but the thing about being used as a mission critical app , where you store all your information , is that it s kind of a big deal when suddenly you can t access that information in the go , which is precisely why I chose Evernote and pay for a premium subscription .
\\n\\nI need access to my content and I pay for it .
I want you to succeed , because the service you provide is amazing .
Previous to this redesign , we could use 3 types of font size , plus a quote option .
Also , I have no not_idea not_what their aim is with the marketplace but I have no not_desire to not_browse 200 dollar backpacks .
Also , sync is not not_working not_properly .
This version still has a marketplace full of ads I can t hide , and the image attachment only shows me pics from September and earlier .
I needed a list in the Dr s office & amp ; it locked up the whole phone .
Just uninstalled it from my PC and mobile , transfered all my notes to Google Docs .
Szbobbysz , Now , this is an offline version , I can t sync with server .
So many days passed , this problem is still here , it s really unbelievable !
As a premium user , I have paid for a serious product and expect professional development and support .
\\n\\n===============\\nOCT 04 release has issues .
Works well but you have to wait for a few minutes before it recognizes the text .
They have made some nice improvements to the iOS apps , but they are still less not_powerful not_than the desktop version .
Buggy , crashes and the search feature requires multiple taps .
This might be a deal breaker because I NEED my notes .
JeremyGTR , It backs to before , I don t know if it crash in future , but at the moment it s fine .
Guess I will have to migrate to something more simplified until these guys and gals get their act together .
\\n\\nPretend you want to make a note with a photo .
You have to click the paper clip attachment icon , which is a big mental leap .
It has all the features you need !
Would be nice to just have `` New Note , '' `` Notebooks '' and `` All Notes '' buttons on the home screen with a search bar at the top .
The parts available now are redundant .
Please fix this highly annoying bug .
\\n\\nAdding more function is not a not_good not_thing !
The design attempts to espouse the move to a very flat design , and it fails to meet the mark on a number of levels .
\\n\\nOlder versions of the iOS app made it much easier for a user to add notes and scan documents quickly ; this version subordinates the importance of adding notes quickly .
Evernote provides an awesome service .
The problem is that I use Evernote everyday for a lot of different aspects of my life .
Or just add a `` classic '' mode .
When I need to upload photos in album .
The announcements need to be a tiny trumpet up at the top in the blank space .
Why are they peddling their wares ?
What happened ?
It crashes almost every time or it s unusable .
Please fix this ASAP !
You d think with such a critical application it wouldn t have issues but the sync is totally messed up on iOS 7 / iPhone 4S .
s smiles and wags , what happened it is crashing every other time i create a doc , and sow a cement ,
I really need them to fix the need to re login EVERY time you leave the app .
I could be writing a note , need to check something in another app , and then switch right back into Evernote , only to have to login again .
Please fix this and it can once again be a valuable app for me !
\\n\\nI also had the same issue as others of my notes not not_synching not_when I initially installed .
I found that just deleting the app and re installing fixed this issue .
Search with iPod Touch does not not_work .
The card view is still there , you just have to ( gasp ) look for a sec .
\\n\\nIf you are having issues , contact support before blasting the app .
Please give us back something that we can use .
You can see that I don t write many reviews but felt you needed one more voice to ask you please to fix this formerly `` always on the home dock '' app .
Please fix the massive delay on the lock screen ( code keypad doesn t appear for 20 seconds showing the notes meanwhile ) .
Please , please , please fix the login issue .
Do not not_update not_this app .
The new note screen would pop up immediately on the last version but since I ve upgraded I have to click on the quick note button multiple time before I can create a new note .
I ve had the same issues everyone else has had .
\\nIf you want me to pay monthly or yearly , make it worth my while !
All my none sensitive notes are well synched and available .
The iPhone version fails ( freezes ) very often and , so far , the only available solution found is to re install the app .
It is great that E syncs so well and so frequently , but does it have to happen when I start the app up to enter a quick note delaying what I was trying to do for an indeterminate time ?
This `` feature '' is so irritating that I now create notes quickly in `` Notes '' and , when I remember later , email them back to E so that they can be searched with the rest of my notes .
Never has crashed for me , data has always synced .
If you just want a simple way to enter notes , go with Drafts .
Jairus James , I can t open the app .
Everything from my study notes to my todo list is here .
Jg6742 , I really wanted a note system I could trust , but Evernote just lost all my notes on the upgrade .
You can add pictures to entries which is one of my favorite parts .
The new redesign just made things better .
D.J . Krys Kim , This app completely does not not_work .
I solved the problem by deleting the app off my phone and reloading it .
It s a app that you can do pretty much everything from making to do list to office papers .
i especially recommend combining it with `` the secret weapon '' and `` getting things done '' .
I have no not_issues not_syncing with my iphone BUT this UI is totally confusing and counter intuitive .
I can t access notes , much less not_edit not_them , because all I get to see is the main screen that is completely unresponsive .
The iPad app has been crashing a lot lately .
I can t open it at all !
Please resolve this issue .
\\nJust installed your latest update and it s still crashing .
\\nWill you please fix this soon ?
\\nAs of 8/6/13 , the iPad app is still not not_working , even with your not_recent update .
\\n10/3/13 your sync feature is not not_properly not_working and is causing `` conflict '' among all my devices .
You guys need to do a better job if you want people to continue using this product .
The app is missing a few things compared to the computer based version , but overall functionality is pretty good .
When I need to make a quick note I m often left dealing with the friction of hitting the wrong thing or stopping to stare at it .
Plus the iOS version was the `` how not to not_make it not_intuitive '' version .
Since the new release , I typically have to delete the app and re install a couple of times a day . . . because it freezes , crashes , or stops syncing altogether .
Please update your app to support iOS 6 as well .
I a paid user and since the update the app crashes !
So it s $ 50 to have the only premium `` feature '' I need .
Update made my data less not_secure and not_extorting me to lock it down .
Latest version constantly crashes ,
The other day , it wrote over changes I made on another device weeks ago and would not not_let me not_view my notes based on the notebook .
Today , it won t let me delete a note I added accidentally .
Please fix new iOS making it hard to use .
Five stars , if the strange bug re : the printing of italics could be fixed .
New version continually requires me to login in again when I open the app .
This thing needs a lot of work .
This app needs to be complete overhauled .
Why is the home level a green stripe on a quarter of my already tiny display ?
Try adding a pic into a note and you end up scrolling all the way down for Todays pics but yesterdays pics are way on top .
Please fix Evernote because it keeps crashing and freezing after opening app .
Please fix the app so I don t have to log in every time I need to access it .
Like other users have reported , when you open the app it freezes and you have to double click home to kill it off .
If you can get it to run ( there are tricks ) then you have to deal with the ridiculous interface like scrolling to the bottom to see a square list that has a couple of notebooks listed , not not_all .
There are so many other design metaphors available , it s crazy why they went this way .
Constantly crashes .
Please fix ASAP or give back the previous version .
Please fix this .
I really want / need a proper Evernote !
\\n\\nClean up the UI and get rid if the ads and you might have something .
Here are my two problems in iOS7 : \\n1 .
Do not not_update it .
Once you update your screen freezes and your notes freezes with it .
Please tell me how to get back to my notes .
Please please revert back !
If you use Evernote you need this app .
Now it crashes every time it s opened .
Occasional bugs but nothing is perfect ,
Before iOS7 , this app ran pretty smoothly and didn t have any problems .
There are numerous glitches ( perhaps the biggest and most annoying is the nearly constant keyboard/typing lag ) and despite coming out with updates seemingly every other day , not a not_single one has not_made the slightest difference .
But you need a LOT of work to get the app back to where it was ,
Evernote needs to stop jerking around with ads and marketplaces and make sure basic features still work .
App is constantly crashing with update ,
Will synch new notes added , but if I edit an existing note on another device this app will not not_reflect the not_update no not_matter not_how many times I synch both devices .
I have had zero sync issues !
I did enjoy the old version very much and there are tons of potential features but I open it and I can t use it for at least 30 secs and it will crash and go into delete apps mode if I touch it during that time , and how the heck do u change the title of a note , seriously ? !
It is the most useful app I have because it is so versatile and is available on all my devices .
What happened to the Atlas feature ?
Or am I just missing it .
With this version of Evernote , it does not not_support not_Tag names longer than like 6 or 8 characters and if you have many similar Tag names , they are completely indistinguishable from each other !
Once you search a TAG and view notes related to that TAG , there is NO WAY to get back to the home screen that I can see short of forcing the program closed and re opening it on the iPad .
IF there is a way , it is not not_intuitive and has not_completely escaped me .
This is ESPECIALLY FRUSTRATING , because the Windows version just added this approach , and I was looking forward to more a consistent experience across platforms .
It would be nice if you could make reminders/insert link to a reminders inside notes .
It would also be nice if you could see PDF files in the note itself instead of a link you have to open 1st .
The changes EN has made to its most current version are great cleaner interface , better tools and overall just a real WOW factor .
I know it s a note app however I wish there were more features such as drawing in the notes , image resizing , adding boxes/charts etc , and maybe highlighting .
I use it to for so many functions from notes to remember , ideas that are important , thoughts , creating references from various scriptures and organizing them into reference books according to their application , and keeping synced from mobile to computer .
Evernote provides NO way to reconcile a sync error you just have to remake the note or complete notebook !
Ever since I updated to IOS 7 ( iPad ) there is a very annoying bug that when you re writing your note and get to the bottom of the page , instead of rolling down progressively ( as it used to ) , it starts to jump way down with every letter you type , which means you can t longer see what you re writing !
Please please fix it as soon as possible , I always recommend Evernote but this bug is making me regret it !
crittercatz , I can t do anything .
If you open a picture note , you have to expand the picture to see the buttons to return back to the note .
Took me a while to figure out how to get out of a picture .
I love Evernote , it helps me remember and prioritize everything I need to get done .
\\n\\nFinally , it would be nice if tag searching worked like it does on the web version of Evernote , evaluating the entire tag .
They really need to update this soon or people who rely on it for work will start moving on .
It keeps telling me that I need to buy premium and it s annoying .
My only major issue with the iOS app was that it didn t display annotations ( highlighting , comments , etc ) contained within PDFs ; a feature which has since been added .
Once you become used to using it instead of post its , Notes , or emails to yourself ( that s what I used to do ) them it is indispensable , and I ve barely scratched the surface of how to use all the features .
You can t change text size , the bullet points are harder to use .
alyssalianna , Unless they re hidden deep inside some random settings folder , it seems that the text size options have been removed .
A lot of people have been complaining about the update , but I have had zero problems and actually love the new look and design .
Synch does not not_work not_anymore .
\\n\\nI have not not_had not_sync issues .
\\n\\nI would suggest adding SEARCH to the `` main menu '' ( home ) panel .
Also suggest keep focusing on speed and efficiency of making/finding notes ( rather than adding dumb bulky features like related/recent notes that appeared annoyingly at the bottom of all my notes in version 6 . )
Layout of tags , notes , notebooks could be improved .
\\n\\nThe teaser video was promising , but in the wild , the app fails to deliver yet again .
Please don t change the UI .
\\n\\n being a premium subscriber , why do I have to view ads ?
I ask where the pride is in the usability of their app ?
The same problems that plagued them on day one are still here .
I need to depend on this app and its contents .
Personally , I like the new UI and haven t had any problems with functionality .
notnewt , It s a great idea and something I really need unfortunately I ve been unable to get it to work .
It keeps telling me I need to enable cookies on my computer .
Every time I learn how to do any task the next time requires more learning curve .
Also crashed every time I tried to open one note in particular .
A flatter version of the older design is all we needed !
I love this app for taking notes and holding files , but I wish that once you had notes , you could make a folder , and transfer and/or copy notes into the new folder instead of only being able to make a folder and then start putting notes in it .
I do not have not_iOS7 not_so maybe that s why i haven t had any problems .
I am a college student , before the iOS 7 update I would use Evernote to take notes in class on my iPad .
When Apple made iOS 7 they made it more simple without not_losing not_any attractive features .
Following Apple s lead , Evernote attempted to do the same thing but they removed all of the features that made me like the program .
If i wanted plain text I would use `` Notes '' which comes standard on all iDevices .
\\n\\nEvernote used to be OK , it had bugs but was manageable .
I love the new Evernote , and the recent update fixed the bugs I had .
You can now use skitch features directly in evernotes s interface , thank you !
The new UI just isn t what I want to work with ,
I love this app please fix ASAP !
Sync is nice , but I m ready to find something simpler with less not_overhead that not_can support customers who aren t beating down the door for the next OS update .
Evernote needs to fix this .
Should be a clearer layout\\nShould be a way to delete photos by tapping on them\\n\\nCould put photos in groups so you can make notes on same topic\\nBc when you take a picture they all go into the same note , no way to not_separate not_them ( on iOS device ) \\n\\nShould be an export to PDF option ( if their isn t already ) \\n\\nShould be able to create different subjects for work .
For example it would be great if you could have a `` page '' for every subject , and you could slide left right to access them , or go to menu and view them vertically aligned .
Why would I pay for special features let alone continue to use this app ?
And being a premium member I don t need to see your market place and product placements .
You must be kidding !
This version crashes constantly and forces paying `` premium '' customers to see ads for useless evernote branded merchandise .
When do companies update something and it just does not not_work as not_well ?
Please fix ASAP .
The desktop app is great , but this iOS 7 version requires you to log in again after a very short time , which makes taking quick notes impossible .
But don t wait forever to fix it , or lots of us will just switch to something else !
The suite of Evernote apps , applications , and plug ins work together almost seamlessly , with the exception of iOS Skitch and Penultimate crashing on me a total of like 4 times each .
Evernote needs to fix this quick .
Worked pretty good on prior release ... able to import several images quickly ... its now a pain in the a. as you have to click several times to just do one image and its real slow .
\\n\\nThat is if I can find out how to indent .
This provided the ability to do many formatting changes to notes you take .
If this option is truly removed then I will really have to rethink how I take my notes .
\\n\\nI still like the app and do not not_think it not_deserves a low review , but one of my most used features might have just been removed .
New version crashes upon each load and will not not_allow not_notes to view .
The `` card '' view of notes has been removed leaving only a simple note list that is far more difficult to navigate .
1 does not not_work not_offline\\n2 each time asks for password\\n3 why have U decided that past version of Labels View was bad ?
Events should have its own card .
The Done button is not not_working .
For God s sake you are actually trying to sell Evernote socks ?
I love that I don t need to use the same device all the time in order to keep everything together !
This is a great app but after the update it crash and it looks horrible .
This new version crashes every time I try to open it .
Since updating to the latest version it simply freezes and eventually crashes every single time I open it .
why would I open your app to get to my photos instead of just going to my photos ?
Please please fix this !
Please please fix ASAP !
I would like to use Evernote full time , it has a lot of powerful features that I find useful , but this app feels like it was made for people who are already members of the cult .
I need you guys to put my shortcuts on the front page again .
Can t recommend it highly enough .
I just want a simple way to create , view and organize my notes .
Chapeleiro_mad , The app does not not_support not_huge notes , it will crash if you try to export a note with more then 100Mb ( with pdfs and audio notes ) .
the note to iTunes , so you have to send a 100Mb file by e mail .
Evernote is big enough to know how to test their software .
It is by far the best solution .
\\n\\nAlso , they keep adding gratuitous features that get between me and my notes !
Come on guys , please fix this problem soon .
The sync fails .
Absolutely crashes and will crash your iPad also .
I was looking for an app to take pictures of my notes , i do little sketches on post it notes , and i loose , misplace them all the time .
Sure , there are some issues , inconveniences , etc but overall it s been very helpful for me .
Bottom line : DON T update your Evernote app until they fix this issue !
iOS7 update crashes regularly with a large PDF file open .
Please bring it back !
Adding a tag used to be easy : tap to expand the list , scroll down , tap to add one or several tags , so easy .
GCSWT , Can t live without not_Evernote , not_but this version crashes way too much .
Five years I ve used your app not not_any not_more and won t suggest it anymore either .
magnum6 , What happened to this app ?
How is 4 touches easier than 2 ?
Has never not_failed to not_sync .
Unless I m missing something , you can t do that with evernote you have to choose one of their pre selectable methods for the order of your list .
One thing I really like about evernote is that backup is never an not_issue not_because the syncs across all of my devices have worked instantly and flawlessly , and the data then resides on each device , in case of failure of any one device .
Xillio , It crashes all the time .
Why not to not_fix not_bugs and release a stable update one day later ?
Notepad kept losing my notes and a friend recommended Evernote .
\\n\\nThese things just scratch the surface , I organize my life through Evernote , I keep notes on everything and I mean EVERYTHING in Evernote .
Other apps require manual cropping of notes and such , but the feature in EverNote automatically cropped the Post it when I photographed it .
In the first version of Evernote 7 , I had a bad typing lag problem but the most recent update fixed that issue .
Maybe it will work better after my 5S arrives .
Good thing I didn t have to pay for my premium account as I was referred by a friend .
\\nWill watch for patches and post an updated review .
It would ve great if there was a way to hide some of my notebooks with a password for secure data .
Adding an Evernote `` store '' ( Market ) into the app was the last straw .
There are security issues with the latest update .
This needs fixing ASAP .
Yes , it had a few bugs , but I assumed that the Evernote Execs would fix problems in their updates .
\\n\\nIn Outlook , for example , you can create sub folders for your files without not_limit .
Now my AppStore says I have an update available but I can t update OR remove that notification because I won t update my iPad to iOS 7 .
I never not_had that not_problem with the previous version ( before ios7 ) .
I can t get the app to open on my iPhone , yet it works fine on my iPad ... please fix ASAP ,
Can not not_type a not_note at full screen ?
Why can you only edit notes w/half screen on note and half with a list of your notes ?
I don t need to see a list of my notes the ENTIRE time I m typing .
I know you re thinking `` big deal '' , but if you aim to have any sort of organization in your life , or want to improve it , this is the way to do it .
I definitely recommend it to anyone and everyone because it s just an overall amazing app ! !
Get used to learning how to reuse Evernote again , and again , and again .
\\nI need a third party app to access my Evernote data , anyone have any ideas ?
Why should I continue to pay $ 5 for a company that ignores its customer s repeated requests for a meaningful update to the functionality of the software ?
I don t need a new , innovative , card style UI design .
I need the ability to scribble drawings next to what I ve typed !
What happened to the ability to add a link ?
1 if they added a feature that would allow me to `` backdate '' my entries/notes .
I can t click on it or delete it and it looks like this weird gray blueprint looking thing .
Please fix this so I can use them .
It still allows bolding , italicizing , and underlining , and has for some unknown reason added the ability to choose between left , center , and right alignment , but without the not_ability to not_format sections , subsections , and block quotes , 75 minutes of class notes start to look fairly unorganized fairly quickly .
And I really love that they re always trying to improve upon it that s a great thing keep it up ! ! ! !
There are some very real bugs in the updated Evernote !
Send feedback or send a report from the phone does not not_work not_either .
I have no not_problems with not_this application at all .
How about a fix Evernote ?
nflyt12 , Works great on iPad , Mac and PC but when I start the app on iPhone iOS 7 it sits on the flash screen for 30 seconds then crashes .
To go back new iOS had given a shortcut please use it .
First , I think the contrast on the note attachment menus needs improvement .
Second , please bring back tag scrolling on individual notes .
But the new camera for the app is not not_nearly as not_efficient at taking pictures and adding them to the note .
But until I am able to use it again for what I need it for ( without not_having to not_pay $ 50 for premium ) , two stars is the most I will give .
I , like others , was missing a lot of notes on my phone strangely .
Why is it so difficult to find anything ?
How about a search button right on the front page instead of announcements taking up valuable real estate ?
Why do I need to choose business or personal before I search ?
\\n\\nI brought this into my business , taught everyone how to use it , and now I m wishing I had chosen a different route .
\\n\\nI need access to my notes and I need it easy and FAST !
I now have a growing collection of my personal files anywhere I go , with off line iPad support , and I have no not_problems not_managing my content on 3 different platforms MacBook at home , Windows at work and iPad on the go .
The option to bold , italicize , and underline along with adding bullets and numbers is very useful .
Whenever I try to take a picture into a note , the app crashes .
I am very unhappy that a note I was creating did not not_automatically not_save when exiting evernote .
I doubt this is an Evernote only problem , especially since the whole system seems to be slower now .
No need to bring a PC to the meetings .
Obviously a glitch that needs fixed ASAP .
The update looks like it might be interesting but I can t evaluate it because most of my notes are missing .
You just introduce them and I love the idea but they seem to be missing from the UI .
How the heck do I delete a note now ?
I just closed it and restarted it ten times in a row , and every time it just froze .
My colleagues recommended this app .
I can not not_alter not_note indentations unless I m in a bulleted or numbered list now , and my phone which I kept on iOS 6 can not not_use the not_new version !
The latest version does not not_work at not_all .
Now with iOS 7 it frequently crashes and often notebooks go missing and the app must be restarted .
I think you should balance more the colors , use more white instead of green .
None of my notes are available to load .
workds fantastic and available in all the plateform i am using .
Now with ipad I just hear the entire recording so it takes more time to go through my notes .
You have to open the note to delete it .
Please fix this issue !
\\n\\nAlso it would be nice to have a quick way to navigate to the bottom of a note where I left off .
Real User Feedback , I don t know who approved this , but they should be fired !
I catch myself just jotting notes on a sticky pad and leaving them on my desk .
Please fix ASAP .
\\n\\nIf you can use anything else for your notes , don t consider Evernote .
Please give me my Evernote back .
firefly54 , Just for everyone to know if you install Evernote and your notes do not not_show not_up first you need to delete Evernote and reinstall and it will begin to sync again ,
The new version for iOS 7 works perfectly and get my notes where I need it and when I need it .
Poor American is not not_able to not_afford 5 and 5s ,
You have successfully created complexity from simplicity chaos from what used to be orderly .
Your UX `` specialist '' should be fired , since he obviously has never even not_used the not_app .
You had something awesome , then thought you would try to be like Apple .
The part that I most liked about Evernote and the main reason that I would use it was because of the different formatting features ( different sizes for sections and subsections , indenting ) these features are now no longer not_available .
Only simple and plain text are the two formatting options and the indent option is only available for bullets .
Because of this I will be searching for a new note taking app , very disappointed that these features are no longer not_available .
Unfortunately with the new update every time you delete a letter the screen jumps to the bottom of the screen , so you can t see what you are typing and editing .
Never had this problem before the iOS7 update .
All of my other apps made the transition just fine except this one .
Everything I do causes it to lock up and crash !
Whoever developed this app should be fired and Evernote should hire someone competent to get a fix out there yesterday .
This is extremely easy to maneuver through and a lot less not_complicated , not_which is super useful when you have to take a note on a moments notice like I do almost everyday ,
What did you do with Places ?
What was wrong with the old version ?
This app is crashing like crazy all of a sudden in ios7 .
However , after updating my iPhone 5 to iOS 7.0 , Evernote does not not_work !
Please fix whatever is going on .
I need my Evernote !
Clean new design , but ALL of my notes are missing except for the most recent 2 .
It opens for one second and then crashes .
Just upgraded the app and all my old notes are gone .
It could be that I am missing a key setting that will give me back the ability to quickly see my notebooks but defaulting into unsorted notes in the order they were created is the opposite of helpful .
I use it all the time , please fix it so that when I do a search in the search box , I\\ncan find any related stuff throughout all notebooks not just the one not_I not_am searching in .
Am still getting to know how to use it on the iPhone so maybe there s something else that I m just not not_understanding not_... as an app it should be user friendly and straightforward .
\\n\\nThey need new programmers that care again about users .
My notes disappear frequently , and I m being forced into a work flow that includes restarting the app every time I update a note .
Please fix this .
\\n\\nSometimes I have synchronization issues between my iPad and work Dell laptop , but generally it works fine .
Big problem for me as Evernote is one I my key apps .
I like Evernote not as not_much as not_pages but soooo much more than notability the one thing that i think is a down side for evernote is that you need wifi to open certain notes , i dont have wifi at my house so its tricky , at the same time only certain notes will open i dont know why but then others say i need wifi .
It s like adding a SIM card to your head !
If you re reading this and you haven t downloaded yet , how have you survived life up until now ?
\\n\\nI highly recommend buying an Evernote 101 type e book .
This is obviously a huge problem and renders this app pretty useless , not to not_mention it not_s extremely frustrating for those of us who depended on having our notes available always .
Feels more fluid , controls are intuitive and exactly where I expect them to be .
Even with a Premium account I was unable to view the history and restore my note .
\\n\\nAlso , it needs tabs , sections and indents like OneNote tags just aren t as easy to navigate and organize .
It also needs better text editing ( especially with bullets , tables , drag and drop of lines/sub lines , font coloring , styles , right click hyperlinking , keyboard shortcuts , Outlook integration , task types , templates , multi user authoring ) and improved import and export from OneNote .
First problem is ( just like Mailbox ) the app doesn t remember login and keeps forcing me to log in each time I open the app fresh .
\\n\\nSecond problem is the new home screen design requires too much reading to know where your stuff is .
\\n\\nNot sure why the app needed so much retooling just to match the iOS look .
However I had to remove it since with it open my iPhone 5 freezes and I just get a black screen .
I really enjoyed the app until the updated version for iOS7 came out , now I am having problems all over the place .
Does not not_work with not_iOS 6 ; I love the app , but I don t have iOS 7 .
I used Evernote years ago when it first came out but had to stop because I kept getting burned .
I would take extensive notes on my phone and the sync would fail and delete everything I typed .
app now crashes on launch 100 % of the time , for a few weeks now .
a major app should have vastly better quality control than this .
I have a huge problem with the fact that Evernote s new update has done away with the text formatting options .
That was one of the features I needed most .
I like most of it\\n\\nBest feature : the quick access buttons although I wish you can customize it a bit .
It crashes about 10 20 % of the time .
And then when I tried I got an error .
That is the power of Evernote from the beginning : OCD and disorganized people alike can use Evernote .
\\n\\nSo Evernote released a `` pretty '' looking App that needs a major rethink .
I try manually syncing but still my existing notes do not not_load .
Makes me think I should stop using this system .
Major changes in user interface should be released under a new App .
\\n\\nThe new background updating feature requires enabling notifications .
I imagine you re already addressing this , but I wanted to go on record that this is an issue on my iPhone 5 .
Notes don t sync for me , I just have a bunch of empty notebooks , and people are reporting actually losing all their data .
\\n\\nOnly problem is that your tag list doesn t always pop up when you try to add a tag to a note on iPhone5 .
\\n\\nThe only issue I have is well the most important issue .
There are two problems I ve encountered with this update , however .
I rely and this app for so much and I basically can not not_use it not_without all of my notes being synced .
This needs to be fixed immediately please !
nted , Loved Evernote before but now does not not_work on not_5S .
Fix it , please .
All of my notebooks are missing and I hate that to use it off line I will have to go premium .
I haven t had problems with it prior to this update .
I am a little worried , however , that I need access to the Internet for it .
Not sure if this will work then .
I am guessing this is just an iOS7 issue .
\\n\\nYou can no longer not_create not_titles or subsections .
I ve run into multiple bugs , and little quirks that should have been taken care of ( like the tiny viewing space to see what you just typed in landscape mode ) .
LilGingerz , Why can t I open it with my ios7 ?
Please help devs !
Let s try to keep the layout for a while and just do tweaks for enhancements and performance .
\\n\\nNow I will be looking for something else to use , and will let my Premium subscription expire .
You need to be able to see a list of all notes , sorted by recently modified .
Definitely recommend to update .
I m sure another release will be out shortly to fix the issues .
Mine have been minor issues .
Love this app , but ever since I updated my iPhone 4 this morning this app isn t functioning properly .
Evernote really needs to go back to the basics , there is just way to much going on in the dashboard .
If it s built for iOS 7 it should have a simple beautiful interface .
Since one of those notes is my Mom s medical info which I refer to frequently , this is a serious problem .
And the update is UGLY ... altho since all my notes are missing maybe that s where the the `` beautiful interface '' is they re referencing .
I did have some sync issues , but got resolved by deleting and reinstalling it again .
But : \\n No way to delete note from it s view .
But in iPhone version list is not not_always not_visible and sometimes ( like navigating to note from home screen ) you can t easily navigate back to list containing that note\\n App uses non standard navigation controller and swipe from left to go back is not not_working .
Manual sync did not not_work not_too .
However , I have an issue .
You have to do an extra tap to get that .
\\n\\nThe latest version constantly crashes , the paste function takes multiple taps to appear and is hit and miss , and the interface sometimes distorts and shows overlapped text and white space in the note snippet view .
I use it to store all sorts of data that I need to be able to recall quickly .
Great app but it should have the ability to delete a note when viewing the note .
The app worked great for a day , now it crashes every time I try to start it up .
\\n\\nAfter I updated the Evernote on my iOS 7 iPhone I found no not_notes not_available while all notebooks remained .
I would like to use the older version which might be a little more elegant and useful than this one .
Please restore asap .
Not only is the latest version gorgeous , I can also access things I need more quickly .
It is a great app and I will recommend it for any one who needs to start a project , school work or even for office use .
Sort function does not not_work .
And where in hell is the search function ?
Why won t this version remember me ?
I see many others are having this issue too ... .is there a fix I this ?
So how can I use the app ?
Please fix it !
This app will not not_work on my not_iPhone 5 with iOS 7 .
it has also crashed on me at least 5 times , need to fix it .
I use it everyday storing and retrieving information I require at a moments notice .
These 2 functions need to be quick and easy .
It really needs to be something on the home page .
They forgot the sign out button and now I m stuck with an old account that s not even not_valid not_any longer .
Then I missed the fact that the first screen is a create account screen and created a new account with the same email and password as my original account .
But there are many navigational issues full screen notes view , highlighting and selection doesn t function well , etc .
I love how developers try to update and make improvements always .
The IE web clipper does not not_work not_well for me tho .
Why have a retina display with such an awful background ?
If you need any reason to convince you to switch , the new Evernote is definitely one .
Please fix this ! ! ! !
\\n\\nthis would be 5 star review but there is one major flaw in new io7 version of Evernote ... when u go back to the app , it used to remain where u left off ( on a certain note or notebook ) now u have to weed through the system to get back or use favorites ( both require more work than necessary ) PLEASE MAKE THIS AN OPTION IN UPDATE ! ! ! !
Please fix this please .
When typing the page scrolls down with each letter , so I can not not_see not_what I am typing , and have to scroll up several pages in order to see what I just wrote .
The new apps surely provide a fresh overhaul of UI , but there seem to be some bugs that make these apps useless for me .
The apps have failed to get all my notes .
Evernote , please fix this .
Used to work with my iPod Touch 4th gen , but since I can t upgrade to ios7 , I m left in the dust .
I m a huge fan of Evernote and the iOS update looks fantastic , but what happened to all the formatting options ?
\\n\\nGuess I have to figure something else out now , since my notes will be completely lacking in organization and depth .
There is room for them , please bring em back !
Today I upgraded both iOS7 and Evernote , and when I went to open a note I found ALL of my notes are missing .
Most folks who are trashing this version need to chill .
I m an Evernote premium user , but NEVER update my iOS on the first go round .
If I had known , I would not have not_updated not_Evernote ?
However one major bug I noticed is that when I make a change to a note on the desktop version .
The same goes for creating a new note or editing of some notes when they pop up and leave the screen behind ( not not_sure not_how to explain this ) it doesn t use all of the screen .
It would be nice to mention this in your update .
I just think some improvements need to be made ,
There is no way to not_ricover it .
Please bring back all my notes !
All I see is a white board and the keyboard and I have to pull the screen down to see what I just wrote .
It continues to crash ,
Evernote s version 7 update for iOS7 has made an amazing app even more amazing .
Please fix this , it crashes every time I try to open it .
Please fix it .
The only thing that missing that could make it better is that you could be able to draw .
Evernote needs to be in line with the usual crisp and simple design , rather than the current blocky color and messy way of putting everything all together .
\\n\\nFinally the feature that annoys me the most and has in EVERY version of Evernote is the automatic link created for dates and times .
Although now we can create stacks , it seems to me that most of the features the previous design had are gone .
Couldn t create a new notebook , now app won t run at all .
No issue there but the problem is that it keeps crashing ! !
I think that needs to get fixed .
They should be fired .
\\n\\nI don t get why you keeping pushing out features that aren t liked by the majority who want to enjoy the app ?
\\n\\nThis how it should be arranged : \\n\\nSearch bar near the name .
Tags should be implemented as one searches for their notes .
I just tested it on my iPad and the graphics are so well done .
This update will only run on iOS 7 .
Where are old notes ?
Please , dial back the green .
The larger issues is I have thousands of notes and only like 14 sync .
\\n\\nAnd still can t edit notebook stacks on the iPad .
How could the Evernote team consider that this feature was unnecessary ?
All of my notes are missing !
Evernote is awesome but this new version failed to syn all my notes .
Space wizz , Either there s some great feature that now requires iOS 7 or the iPhone 5S or 5C or the developers selected the wrong minimum iOS version when compiling the latest update , but Evernote is now one of 4 Apps that now don t work on my iPhone 5 with iOS 6 ,
Why could you not not_make not_this backward compatible and wait a couple of weeks for the kinks to get worked out of iOS7 ?
If you re already a user of Evernote , do not not_install not_this update !
I updated the app and all my notes are not not_showing not_up .
\\n\\nPerhaps a lingering annoying bug that needs to be squashed immediately !
Hey , I can t update right now so I can t use an app .
Apparently , the new version isn t just `` compatible '' with iOS7 , but actually REQUIRES it .
I updated the app in iTunes , but received a message that my iPhone doesn t have a high enough version of iOS so it won t load .
Why the washed out green ?
Where is the trademark Elephant logo ?
I need to find a way to go back to the iOS 6 version ,
On my iPad I will do more web and document capture and I use it in my PC to leverage what is in there .
Instead of having to have actual notebooks , I just created a different note book for each course I m taking !
Also I recommend the sketch app so you can take pictures of hand drawings and put them in your notebooks .
I haven t had any issues with it being slow , but I do wish I could edit power points and pdf s. Other than that it has worked wonderfully for me .
I hardly not_need to not_use my pen and paper anymore .
Maybe there is an Evernote for Dummies that I should read ?
But please bring back the old search bar on top !
I love being able to find what I need when I need it .
But on the last few iPhone versions it just gets stuck scrolling down *every key I type* !
Please fix it .
It s an obvious show stopper bug that needs your attention .
\\n\\nHighly recommend this app would love to see some of these issues improved .
In college we need to write mathematical formulas .
U need to do that from within the app rather than switching to penultimate .
\\n\\nAnd file manager needs to be more computer like and have better drag and drop integration .
They are several ways for improvements and this app definitely needs to improve but still at this stage is best in app store so far .
\\n\\nI did find that if you scroll then hold one finger down you can type with the other hand .
Easy camera function allows for adding recipes right to notebook .
It just has a few bugs on mobile related to bulleted and indented lists that are keeping me from giving it a five star rating , but I m still a big fan of Evernote .
I m not not_sure not_if it is Evernote or Apple but would love to see that fixed since I don t have constant access to my PC and half the point of the app is to help me remember things that I would normally forget to do .
Ive never not_had a not_problem with it in the last 2 years , and have hundreds of notes .
4 23 12 , I wish you could change font , including size among other things .
It helps me manage tons of things I need to remember , and file for future reference .
I would just like to see page capturing moved into Evernote itself instead of an additional AAP .
\\n\\nI would love to see an add on that is a shopping list program/routine that competes with SplashShopper and others like it .
I never not_forget to not_do something now .
Current version crashes endlessly .
Having handy notes when I need them wherever I am .
I was looking for a digital solution to keep me organized as I transitioned from a tree killing paper loving machine , to a paperless remote worker with no not_office .
I ve been using the basic service for about 6 weeks and went from just trying it to using it daily across devices ( MacBook , iPad , and iPhone ) .
This app has saved me so much where that STUPID note program that came with my ipad/iPhone as FAILED me REPEATEDLY ! ! !
This app , along with its sister apps like Skitch and Penultimate , provides a user with a host of tools that can serve a variety of needs with a variety of needs .
I need to keep track of notes and pictures and misc .
Highly recommend this to anyone looking to get more organized and productive .
Knock on wood I ve never not_had not_any problems .
Would like to see better iOS accommodation of pasting iWorks docs into existing Notes , instead of just creating new ones .
It is a very good software but it has many bugs that must be fixed .
Please , fix all the bugs on time .
Great app , however it would be nice to have multiple colors for the folders .
Since using Evernote I ve had no not_problems with my not_notes staying put , but I m low maintenance .
I expect my notes not to not_disappear and not_this fits the bill !
Evernote is the solution and with all the add on apps I am incredibly organized and connecting my office and friends with a group of incredibly powerful organizational tools all based around Evernote .
I now use Evernote on the iPad for just about every list I need to make .
\\n\\nNo more numerous loose slips of paper that encumber me , nor the various notebooks that are never not_around not_when you really need them .
Would be nice to be able to simply tap on a link within the note .
Makes it easier to narrow down the content one is looking for when he is using a large database of notes on similar subjects .
Search needs to continue to get better .
I m eager to learn how to use it more .
The iPad app needs some work , so please keep up the enhancements / upgrades to the app for us Premium Customers ... the more the iPad app mirrors the Laptop functionality , the better it gets .
You just have to start using it , and it is very easy .
The alphabetical order really screws me up since I need different titles of notes in class grouped together , and the date worked on makes the notes constantly move around since you are always working on them !
There are just some interface problems with uploading , copying and pasting PDFs or certain images onto the same note ... makes it so I need to make 3 different notes for different menu options when I really want them all on one note .
With my iMac in the U.S. , I can sit in a cafe in Barcelona , update Evernote on my iPad , watch the sync to my iPhone , then remote into the iMac and see the changes on my desktop .
Exactly what I needed !
I have not not_had not_too many problems with the new interface .
I don t know if it has the option to change colors on the font or when creating a check list but that would be nice to have ! ! ! !
The OCR feature has become one of those things that you just can t live without .
I think the UI could be designed or laid out better to make things more intuitive and appealing to the eye\\n\\n Formating notes : there are some quirks with the bullet point feature that adds a blank line before the bullet points .
\\n\\n Check boxes : The check box feature is useless .
There is no way to not_track not_where you have check boxes throughout all of your notes .
However the execution in the app fails compaired to NoteSuite .
I have found that you can not not_overuse not_Evernote .
We use EN for tracking of nearly everything of importance in a small very complex business that requires lots of design documentation and administrative detail dual platform ( mac and PC ) .
Very easy to learn how to do everything .
I don t like that that I can t change highlighter color to something better than weird orange and I don t like that I can t change the size of font in my notebook documents past the paragraph presets .
Evernote is intuitive , adaptive and a big help for anyone who needs access to now notes `` from the road '' .
I really needed this .
I can t annotate them in app , I have to use Skitch , which is sloppy and slow .
Also , I can t consolidate two notes into one , which has caused me to use a different app for my Physics class , which requires a lot of work with separate pages of PDFs .
For me to rely on Evernote like I was expecting to , this must be remedied .
My fav app on iPhone 5 , use the setting synch on wifi if you have a lot of note to synch .
\\nAlso google how to use Evernote clipper on iPad and iPhone and it is worthwhile .
But when I tried to launch Evernote , it wouldn t open .
A web search quickly revealed that this is a common problem , and the fix would be a time consuming uninstall/ re install .
this app really helps me organize my notes and get information when i need it .
\\nEvernote just changed my life .
Everything this app provides is great within itself , especially the user friendly interface .
I just really love this app .
And I love how we can add pictures or documents and send them to other locations such as google drive .
I have looked around for different note taking apps for the iPad and I honestly can say that Evernote has never not_failed me .
It is also a backup that ensures my notes aren t lost if my laptop crashes .
\\n\\nThe desktop application is much more robust than the iPad app , but together they help me feel confident I have what I need with me at all times .
Using it for class and maybe I don t know how to use it but its annoying that I can scroll or see what I am typing at the end of the page .
But sometimes I wish I could have them a little more integrated .
Before the update everything worked fine but now whenever I go to use the page camera or even the regular camera the app crashes .
Please fix this this is one of the most important parts of Evernote to me .
I also realized that when you start numbering your content , you kind of have to keep going and not have a not_paragraph in not_between .
Also , I think it would be really fun if you incorporate a doodling function in Evernote .
What do you say ?
It s quite amazing and I m sure there are ways I could be using it that I simply haven t heard about or figured out yet .
I also can add pictures to their own personal Notebook .
My only issue is the value for subscribers to get sync .
I would also like to see annual discounts .
The app works amazingly ; no not_random not_crashes and is just wonderfully organized !
I use it to prepare my flashcards to Evernote peek , i save web pages to look up later , and pretty much anything else I can use it for .
In what ought to be a no not_brainer for not_evernote , entering a note is the slowest of all ... you wait for the cursor to appear , the text defaults to being small , it does not not_scroll not_well , selecting a different part of the text means waiting on the cursor again .
How did I live without it not_?
I have in on all my apple devices , except for my phone because you have to be online in order for it to work there .
my only issues with it are : the awkward printing format and how it requires you to be online to use it on your iPhone .
It s not not_working not_many times .
Everything is searchable so I don t need to remember where I filed it .
It s all right here .
But one thing that would be helpful would be an auto sync whenever you close the app so if I don t have my phone and need to access my notes , I can from a computer even if I forget to sync it .
I love that you can insert pics and save PDFs .
\\n\\nOne complaint is that you can not not_add a not_PDF or journal article to a note that already exists , a separate note is created instead .
Can not not_seem to not_figure out how to do Stack management ( add , delete , rename ) .
If you have picture notes and you re not not_near not_wifi or have poor signal , you will not not_be not_able to access them .
In 38 months of Evernote use , I have created more than 100 notes/month on average .
I do not have the not_scrolling not_problems that other reviews have complained about at all .
I found the notes app appallingly inadequate and frustrating for what I needed from it .
This one lets me do most things that I need to without the not_full not_desktop version , but I hope copying note links and a better `` switch user '' function is available in later releases .
I do not not_love not_how it constantly crashes and I never not_hear not_from customer support .
If you could only have 3 apps , Evernote should be one of them .
Salvation for those of us who used to be always looking for that piece of paper we needed ! !
Just recently I got a MacBook Pro and to my surprise OneNote did not not_work on a not_Mac .
I highly recommend it !
\\n\\nFinally , I constantly receive alerts that the synchronization has failed .
I can create a work note while mobile or our of the office and consume the note in the office or visa versa .
I have been using this app for a very long time but now when I open the app on my iPad it crashes as it attempts to update .
But with Evernote , everything I needed to document was now easy to find and without not_clutter .
This is a good note taking program but it would be nice if landscape mode filled the whole screen .
This product needs rich text among other enhancements .
Also when I try to type notes it scrolls down ?
Literally what I want from a note taking app , just get it ,
\\n\\nThe main area where it could be improved is in the formatting .
I occasionally have issues with bullet points when I have long lists with lots of indentions , copying/pasting within bulleted lists/outlines , and most frustratingly when a note is emailed out of Evernote additional , blank bullet points often appear ( which then need to be manually removed before forwarding it on ) .
\\n\\nThe 1 BIG , BIG , BIG feature that s missing is the ability to easily re order items in my task lists .
Add that & amp ; I ll update my rating .
\\n\\nAlso love the Skitch integration but it could be better ( like adding a button or icon to include image from Skitch ) .
\\n\\nBesides the fact that most font & amp ; style formatting goes out the window between Mac & amp ; PC ( this has always been an cross platform issue , not just an not_Evernote not_issue ) , syncing notes between all my devices ( mobile , desktop , Mac & amp ; PC ) works flawlessly , which makes me very happy .
I d like to see some trunk features available for integration .
\\n\\nI do hope that multi level numeric bulleted items will be fixed in the next update .
I d appreciate if that could be fixed .
Perfect for college , I can get all my notes whether I m on my iPad or computer and on those rough days where I forget everything I can at least get them on my phone lol ,
But lately it s been useless because Everytime I tried to update something from my phone it sends me to the button of the list .
Evernote wants to be your second brain , dump anything you need to remember here and have it at your fingertips when you need it .
I use the app on my phone , my laptop , my iPad , and on the web / whatever situation I m in , I know I have the information I need .
I haven t yet figured out how to delete old notes ( are they there forever ?
Is that why its called Evernote ?
Also can t figure out how to make a checklist even though I glanced at a tutorial .
It shouldn t require that many steps !
If anyone knows the answer I would love to know .
Rapidcoe , Items should have optionally references to People .
Therefore , the ability to bring down google contacts and link the items in Evernote to those records would be very useful\\n\\nOn the ipad , the ability to move items between note books should be made easier .
Most of the times items completed would need to be archived or rescheduled instead of being deleted .
Consolidating in to Evernote has made a huge difference .
Overall app design is `` fancy '' but it FAILS at the one thing it s supposed to be great at note taking .
Once you know how to use it you can organize your whole life with it you can use it to replace the file cabinet if you wish .
s Garden , I use it for my job , it had made my tasks a lot simpler , and a lot easier for me .
Stmsbabyj , It s the best note taking app I ever used\\nWho ever made this app needs an award .
Why does the Evernote search not not_work on the not_titles I have given ?
I recommend this ap .
Great app but need to fix some bugs ,
I love the fact that you can access both on i devices and the web , and also save `` favorites '' on the iPhone for viewing offline .
Would like to see constant updates and very innovative features added .
Might like it better if I actually knew how to optimize its use and they were helpful in making the info you need easily available .
\\n\\nUI fail .
The new update crashes a lot .
I m just learning how to use Evernote .
Another alternate function might be to provide a mode that requires two separate keys to delete something .
Yes , you have to create an account and password but that s what makes it so much better than a notebook .
Any note I create on any one of my devices is synchronized to all other devices , instantly .
If you choose you can share notes with others , my wife and I use it to make up grocery lists .
I can also use it better than than paper records to retrieve old notes and references .
Please update the audio , just like the rest of the app .
I finally made the switch from using Notes to using Evernote .
96 , I used to take all my notes in notebooks and I thought I d switch it up this year .
It also syncs all your notes with other devices using the app which is perfect for me when I forget my iPad , I can just use my phone and I have everything there !
I use this app all the time and I would have to rethink my life if I didn t have it .
I love that its organized ... totally recommend it !
I use it to organize my class notes and have had no not_problem not_using it on multiple devices .
between the desktop and the mobile version merely reflect how one would use a phone versus a computer .
I used Evernote to plan an upcoming trip to London and Croatia .
I would like Evernote to have a To Do feature with reminders and Push Notifications .
If I could create a folder AND place it in a stack on my iPad this would be a 5 rating .
I had issues with one note copying itself about 50 times , but customer service was excellent and helped me resolve it on all devices .
Otherwise , it is so easy to document everything that I need to in today s crazy business environment .
\\n\\nMy beefs : I would love to see at least one more level of Stacks .
Use it to help me keep tabs on things I need to take action on or follow up .
has everything I need in a journal .
based on the article it usually even recommends the correct folder .
I can put all I need to know in Evernote and access it from anywhere .
What else needs to be said ? !
I know that Evernote already supports wechat share function on your Chinese version , pls do on the international version too .
The only issue which isn t really an issue to me is that the start up time is a tad bit longer than you would expect .
Install it , use it as heavily as you are comfortable doing , upgrade to premium when you are ready , and scare yourself with how much stuff you can keep track of .
While downloading this app several months ago I questioned whether I would use it or not .
\\n\\nThe potential here is awesome .
Would love it if notes could be annotated through Penultimate .
Synchronizing with Desktop CAN be a problem .
Please add folders within notebooks .
My mother in law has recently been having some issues .
adding notes on medications and Dr visits .
\\n\\nAlso needs a better help and instructions for a first time user .
Lucky HBS taught us how to use .
Also , there is an issue with switching between the keyboard/text formatting tools .
You have to click in ad out of the text boxes and/or toggle between the two tools to make it finally pop up .
I don t know how I made it before without not_Evernote .
I couldn t recommend this any more than to say download it now .
I need my notes safe , even from me .
Title says it all : the `` page camera '' was a handy tool for getting paper documents into Evernote , but in this update it just crashes the app ,
I highly recommend using it ,
Og hood nikka , Evernote works great but the biggest problem is that you can t send your notes to people through email which is a huge problem for me with having to send my notes , essays , and projects to my teachers .
How many apps can you say THAT about ?
Bt yeah , the perfect depository for almost any and everything I need to remember .
It just makes life simpler .
Now I can not not_edit a not_note and it locks up and crashes every time I try to use it .
Hope they can get this issue fixed .
I have come to depend on it for just about everything I need to keep organized .
I fail to see what everyone is talking about .
\\n\\nI started with just my stuff at work but eventually I saw the true benefit and now it s my brain that doesn t forget anything .
\\n\\nWhen inspiration strikes I can log it and forget it because I know it s on my Mac , pc and phone .
\\n\\nMy only critique is not not_being not_able to organize tags within tags in the iPhone and iPad interfaces .
I don t have to think if something is important enough to save .
I just save it even if it is just a word or two .
I just love it .
It would be nice to be able to use it again .
If it doesn t hurry and get fixed I m afraid I ll have to switch to something else that will at least work .
It has made life soooo much easier !
\\n\\nThis is what MSFT one note is missing .
Ideas and thoughts come to me at all times and I need to be able to capture them at thar moment and in the correct tab , otherwise ill forget .
I became a premium user so that I could have access to notes offline .
I have the same issues with the new interface and the scrolling .
This app has lots of potential and to be fair people need to take the video training before crucifying it in a review .
I have had lots problems switching from photo to note mode .
As a plant breeder I am taking notes and lots of pictures at a fairly rapid pace and interface issues are not my not_friend .
Thus the videos need to be taken and you need to practice .
My whole life is in here which is great because wherever I go , I have all the important information I need with me .
I came back to this after rereading the reviews and told myself I need to seriously give this a try .
\\n\\nWow , I have been missing out .
I highly recommend them .
Great app , but better if some of the features on the web/desk client were available on the app .
The way the notes can be organized is clean , logical , and uncluttered .
I have and would recommend this App to anyone who needs to organize data in a clear , concise , and logical manner .
Otherwise , I really like how you can bullet , bold , and it s great for notes !
\\n\\nIt s had some bugs but keeps getting better .
I can use it across all of my devices so that my To Do list and my shopping list are always handy to update and use .
Also , Evernote sometimes takes longer to update between devices than I d like and requires me to relaunch it from my phone .
This app is good for organizing any task that needs to be handled .
What happened that I can no longer not_resize an not_image ?
Would be nice to have the PC app features available in IOS app .
version needs to be adjusted so we can add the URL .
But there is a new bug in which the app scrolls down a line every time I type a character .
Was trying to use this for note taking at a conference this week but I have to find another solution until this gets fixed .
I don t just mean the iPhone or iPad versions , but rather the entire concept .
If anything could be improved I would ask that the picture capabilities be enhanced so it could zoom .
Since the latest update , it just crashes every 10 seconds .
Think there is some bugs here and there .
I highly recommend it , specially for the GTD users .
I love this app , it s useful , user friendly and very intuitive , all notes are available everywhere and supports all kinds of rich texts and files .
\\n\\nI second the request for multiple select in the mobile app I often need to deal with multiple notes at once and right now it takes about a million taps for each note .
You just need to decide how you will use it to make it useful to you .
\\n\\n3 ) Evernote has numerous formatting issues that are all bizarre and maddening .
It s just glitchy software here .
How can things like font and line spacing corrupt your files ?
\\n\\nI just purchased a Scansnap 1300i and it integrates with Evernote .
Whenever I come across something I want to remember , a picture , object , note , article , or thought , I quickly open up Evernote , drop it in a notebook , and it s there anytime I need it .
Even if I don t put it in a notebook at the time , I can create one later but the note is always there .
I hate the word paradigm , but using this did require some shift in my paradigm of how to track info .
Please fix asap so that this is useful for taking notes in long meetings again .
It s exactly what it s supposed to be , simple , easy to use , and available on all of my iPhones , iPads , iPods , and my iMac .
The best app for people like me whom constantly need to find quickly an information .
If your looking for an app that does it all , Evernote needs to be on your top list .
It failed my test .
Items I plan to use many times a day must be carefully thought out to make the interface intuitive & amp ; not not_like not_product packaging that takes a cutting torch & amp ; a grinder to open .
A 5 year old can run an iPad .
But I m afraid I must give it a bit of a low ranking because for years , they have never not_been not_able to get formatting right .
\\n\\nAlso , `` shortcut notes '' or `` clone notes '' that sync with each other would be nice to have ... .the ability to effectively have a note in more than one folder .
Just learning the ins and outs .
Is there some online help for beginners ?
Flexibility , device agnostic , seamless sync , data available everywhere .
I really like Evernote , but with this new update the app instantly crashes after it opens .
However every time I open it now the app crashes on my iPad .
Just wish they also had the ability to create and save simple spreadsheets tables , then everything I need and use will all be on Evernote !
The layout is intuitive and simple and the product never not_crashes and not_always is on sync amongst my multiple devices .
Please fix audio recording .
If I do need a hard copy I just print one out .
I had a PDA back in the day that I used ALL the time & amp ; my computer crashed with all the backup & amp ; I lost everything !
I recommend it to all my friends & amp ; fam & amp ; have turned so many people on to it !
I think it s the coolest thing since the Internet ; ) Keep up the awesome work , Evernote !
We track virtually everything , and find anything we need quickly .
I find myself looking forward to updates to see what they ve added each time !
GrannyClips , Copy and paste is clunky : one word or the whole page on the iPad\\nFont between devices is clunky : you change it on one but the other device does something different \\nI wish the look between iPad and computer were the same\\nRecently the numerous choices of colored font was removed .
used to love this app haven t opened it much this summer , now it s crashing every time I try to open it .
Love that I can view a recipe in the store on my phone when I need to buy ingredients .
\\n\\nReclaim your former greatness , please !
Please fix this bug !
This app does everything I need it to , there are other apps out there , but I love the ease and interface of this one .
I highly recommend this note app .
I don t recommend installing this version .
I frequently have brilliant ideas that must be written down immediately , before the idea , or turn of phrase fades .
Another good thing about evernote is that it has an API that means other applications can use evernote .
For example There is a journal app that you write little notes on throughout the day , and it makes a single note in evernote that has the time ( and maybe location ) of each of your notes ( I just looked it up its called vjournal ) .
Now , with the new update it crashes when I try to open a note .
I love that I can create different notebooks and keep my notes organized .
If I have to mess around learning how to use an app , then it s not not_doing it not_s job .
i have updated and evernote keeps crashing , please fix problem , love evernote but ruin the app .
It was nice when u could use it with Microsoft office products without not_paying not_extra .
Blazing soap Bar , I gave this 2 stars simply because I can t delete .
I need to be able to delete .
Critical mistake not not_adding a not_delete option .
I highly recommended it .
I wish more of the features for the paid version were available here ,
My life before Evernote was chaos , filled with things I would forget about , deadlines passed , and trips to the store without my not_list .
If you dont use this app or are thinking about using it , just do it !
This app made my to do list and note taking greatly more efficient , organized and accessible .
I shouldn t have to pay a monthly fee to sync to my phone so they re available offline .
Some surprisingly counter intuitive usability issues : \\n\\nIf i multitask to a different app and come back to evernote , I lose the note I was working on / reading , the title screen loads again and I have to navigate back to my note .
It is rock steady I know it will be there whenever I need it .
Another bug is that Evernote sometimes randomly changes the formatting of the sentence as I m typing if I used multiple formattings in the document .
I m still having the same problems after multiple evernote `` updates '' \\n\\nI can t even see what I m typing because the screen keeps jumping away ! ! ! !
The one thing I really need a note editor to do well is to be able to type and edit text in a moderately useful way .
This version does not not_provide not_this .
I can t paste text consistently or paste text in the title section .
Something s you just don t want everyone to have access to .
My workflow and the apps I use to support it has changed a lot over the last several years .
Only misstep is not not_being not_able to delete accidental addition from iPhone .
Please consider adding right margin alphabet links that take you down to notes beginning with their name first letter , just like in my iPhone Contacts list .
If I could have only four apps , Evernote would be one of them .
This is the only one you need .
At the moment , you can t copy/paste text , many users ( myself included ) have reported a typing bug where the cursor jumps when you try to type , rendering the note taking part useless .
I personally think it should be easier to manage your Evernote on a phone without not_accessing a not_computer .
If you added a handwriting feature it would eliminate this problem and better extend the potential this app has .
I love this app , I wish you could change font colors though .
Nicole44555 , So I got this app only hoping for a nice note pad you could add pics too .
For newbies you might not not_be not_sure how to use this app .
I ve been happy with it , and the thing I like most about it is I can use it on my iPad or access my notes via any web browser .
I would love to see a feature when I could create a task from the notes example action items from the meeting .
Everyone should have it and learn to apply it in their lives .
For some reason mines no longer not_checks for not_spelling you can t adjust the font color or size , your not not_able to not_highlight documents there is no way to not_correct not_something ,
I just keep everything here .
I ll try again after an update becomes available but until then this app is unusable .
There could be improvements on being able to organize it the way you want or be able to customize it but all mac/ios based systems/computers/software/apps seem to have that issue for me .
It is wonderful to be able to have it available to use on multiple platforms because BEFORE smart phones i had sketchbooks and backpocket sized steno pads etc and i was spending WAYYYY tooo much time trying to consolidate them all to one place and keep it organized .
If you need to store lots of information and then be able to retrieve it through a number of different tags , you ll love Evernote .
However , skeptic in me is becoming more and more paranoid as now the big brother only needs to crack one app to get everything that all the smart people are doing .
Love the multiple notebooks , the ease of adding pics or audio .
I used to use this app a lot for sharing between the pcs and macs and ipad , and for the last 2 months the app has failed to update , despite numerous uninstalls , reinstalls .
How could this be ?
The ONLY problem I have with Evernote is that it either lets you bold , underline or highlight with orange a word or line .
I use it daily to take notes but I wish I could use it to create documents ready to print or send but it needs more little important functions to format .
I would prefer a true To Do List ( perhaps in a separate section ) without not_having to not_create separate notes for each item and adding reminders .
Also password protection please would be very nice considering all our lives are on this app .
Only problem is sometimes keystrokes enter more then once and spellcheck is intermittent .
And when we get back to our computers , everything is available .
It then told me I needed to change it .
I track to do lists , house listings , everything I need to do with reminders whenever necessary .
Great and recommend it single mindedly .
One of the cons & amp ; I wish they would let me ( or I need to figure out how to ) upload more than one video per note as well as upload videos straight to the app instead of having to send the video through a message first .
Now that I understand it and have figured out how to tailor it to my needs , it s absolutely phenomenal .
Everyone should use it .
I would highly suggest investing a few bucks and get one of the guides to help you get set up .
Thank you for all your efforts in making Evernote everyday and for making it easily available for everyone .
As far as I can tell you can t do this .
Useful in so many ways , I can t think of a mobile user without not_this not_app .
I stopped using Onenote because Evernote made information I was working on available on all my devises .
`` It just works ! ! ''
If you like to keep notes and would like to have them on all your devises , in a quick and easy way , you won t go wrong by trying Evernote .
So I have all these important notes I need and can t get to .
I have to think way too hard about how to find things and sometimes I get lost .
Update : 8 09 2013\\nAlthough this had been my favorite app , just experienced a crash of one of my continuing notes in my notebook .
I updated the app one day , and the next day it only showed the note from the previous day .
\\n\\nNo longer do I need to carry a journal with me everywhere I go !
Highly recommend this app ,
I have been using it for several months and love the ability to have all my data available on any device !
This app is great when you need to catagorize information in a way it can be accessed later .
I use this app all the time for work and personal use , definitely the best note taking app out there I recommend it to everyone I know .
I usually hesitate to update apps , because i have to get used to the new look/interface .
But every evernote update just makes it better than before .
Just ran the last update , but now I can t type to change a note .
Please fix this ASAP ! ! !
I love taking notes on paper , but the reality of it is that I need to eventually type them up , and I need them all the time , anywhere I go .
With Evernote I am making a note for each folder and adding tags that describe what I am putting in .
I like this app however I m very disappointed that a subscription is required just to get a passcode lock .
\\n\\nThe only problem is this : with the recent update which includes recent/related notes at the bottom , the note now snap scrolls so the footer bar ( with reminder , star , skitch , and share ) covers up the bottom line of text .
It s a minor inconvenience , but an oversight which should be addressed regardless .
The latest release of this application is crashing on me constantly !
The only problem I have is that the app is no longer not_updating for my not_iOS .
Oh well at least I can still use my current version , for that you lose a star .
Clicking on share this notebook or the share button in the notebook brings me to a webview that just says `` loading . ''
\\n\\nI have a future wish that PDF , Excel & amp ; Word Documents files attachments could have a thumbnail preview prior to opening the file .
I m disappointed that the iPad version of Evernote doesn t allow me to do word counts , as I need it for work assignments .
I just open a new note every day & amp ; keep a log of all thats gone on the tags are so helpful !
Easy way to organize all your files and capture anything you need .
Removing from multitask screen and reboot does not not_work .
I m able to capture all the information I need on multiple platforms .
2 updates on and it still crashes .
I haven t had any problems with it so far .
They keep adding cool features and I keep using it more and more !
Please fix the spell check word replacement , spaces that I typed keep disappearing when I choose a word to replace .
: / That needs to change .
Please either add this feature or explain that it is in the Premium version .
I have never not_had not_A problem with losing data .
I don t know why the new reminder function won t work on the windows desktop where I need it .
Which I don t plan to do .
Please don t sell out and get trashed by a new owner .
I keep track of recipes so if I m in the store and forgot and ingredients I can look up the recipe in my Evernote notebook and see what I need .
If I m shopping and I ve made notations about dimensions needed for a purchase I can open up my Evernote on my iPhone and get the information I need .
I even send email content , including ppt , excel , etc ... directly from Outlook to Evernote for easy referencing regardless if I am on my PC , iPhone , Droid , or iPad \\n\\nKeep adding enhancements Love it ! ! !
Evernote , please please please release the next Windows version that includes the reminders soon !
\\n* Although GDocs can do a lot of what Evernote does , I find Evernote does things like uploading images ( super quick on the desktop just drag and drop ) and really easy with the iOS app ( just snap one or more pictures and then press the checkmark when you re done ) well .
You have the option with the iOS app to save photos as `` small '' it shows up okay and actually when you share a note , it looks better than saving as `` large '' .
In that case it just saves two versions of your note and you have to figure out which you want later .
I downloaded Evernote to replace my Catch note app and it s ridiculous that I need wifi to see notes I WROTE .
Clunky and crashes when taking photos .
I expect a smoother app for something I pay yearly for .
An idea is that I would like to have some notebooks in one bigger notebook .
I have always been a huge Evernote fan but after the last update I am having trouble with freezing and crashing .
I tried to add a shortcut and it just says loading and now won t come undone .
Deleting and downloading again but please fix this , I would hate to lose such a useful app !
I love this app because if I accidentally forget my notes at school , I have them on my iPad at home and I can get my homework done easily .
I can t function without not_Evernote .
I don t even use binders for school anymore , I just take pictures of the worksheets and put them in a note so that I always have the information from all my classes in my pocket that I can access like anywhere .
I use it every day and it s especially useful for someone like me who has ADD and forgets everything !
How did I ever live without it not_?
I used it for work adding notes to different notebooks based on projects I was working on .
What makes this app so great is that you can create multiple notebooks to organize all the notes & amp ; it syncs to your phone , laptop & amp ; tablet automatically ( as long as you can download the app to all the devices or access from the web ) .
What did I do before having Evernote available on every device , all the time ?
Even my supermarket app updates my shopping list instantly if I add something on my ipad , it s there on my iPhone immediately .
What is the point of a note app that isn t constantly saving and refreshing ?
And this isn t just the case over a few minutes time ; I ve had notes not not_change not_over the course of weeks I have to to go to the last device I made changes on , refresh , and then refresh again on the other device .
Only app I keep things I NEED to remember regardless of my location .
Coming from Catch notes ( which sadly , is closing down ) I just can t help but feel Evernote is bloated , cumbersome , and , ironically , disorganized .
Not only is it annoying that to tag a note you have to open up a separate `` info '' page , but you can only search one tag at a time .
Evernote tries to do this automatically , but it fails .
It doesn t , and can t , understand what my reason for adding a note was .
An article may be titled `` elephants '' but I may have saved it for a mention of African geography .
This does not not_do that .
It provides all of the functionality I need .
As I switch between my iPad , phone and laptop throughout the day , the synchronization between the devices ensures I have the latest information and notes available for referencing .
It s great however the one think I d love is if they can allow to lock with pin .
Am I the only one whose evernote for iPad isn t working right ?
I already use Evernote instead of Apple Notes , but if there was a way to combine the calendar option is as well , Evernote would become the ultimate organizational app .
I think Evernote should stop making us take notes the way they design it .
I m not not_saying not_stop adding new features but at least leave the old features available .
Please get this fixed soon !
Had a lot of trouble figuring out how to make image and document notes , but otherwise it gets the job done .
This is my favorite app , my go to app that I recommend to everyone .
I find the older I get the more I forget .
Please make the section for the ad of premium disappear .
It hasn t added any dazzling feature in a while .
\\n\\nI like the app but I think it s lost its innovative juice and needs to integrate more closely with its other apps to be more efficient .
It seems odd that I need to export images of notes in those apps to be able to use them in an Evernote note .
The images that are stored in their respective notebooks are useless because I need them in specific notes and notebooks .
\\n\\nIt would be nice to be able to format my notes with more than just basic rich text formatting .
The app runs smoothly , has a fairly intuitive design , and has fewer sync issues than the previous version .
Where I store all my musings and otherwise forgotten thoughts .
It crashes ! ! !
Please fix ASAP .
I take a picture of any handouts given at meetings , and upload them into the note I made during the meeting , tag into the appropriate notebook , and bam .
And I like how I can use it even when I m offline , a wonderful feature .
Lacks the ability to select multiple images when adding them to a note .
They need to make the ability to change the background .
It would be nice to have the ability to change only a letter in stead of a whole word .
Fastest way to get a new note in is always email .
The added security provides a lot more comfort when the kids are using the phone for one of their apps .
I highly recommend this app to anyone on the line ,
I can create notes fast and the options to format the text are easy and effective .
My only problem is that 60 MG is not not_enough not_upload space .
I would not not_be not_able to do anything without not_Evernote .
Adding a recurring option to reminders and an Apple Mail plug in would be good additions .
When I found out about this app I just loved it !
\\n\\nThe problem is I can t then share the note with Facebook or twitter or anywhere else .
\\n\\nUntil the problems I listed above , which are just a couple of things I noticed immediately , are corrected I will not not_be not_able to use Evernote .
Just need to have better notifications alarms etc . ,
I read a blog article about how you need to fully jump in and just use Evernote for everything you can possibly think of ?
The synchronization between devices has made my life so much easier !
I love Evernote , I really do , but please fix the crashing right after launch !
\\n\\nThe offline notebook feature is great on my iPhone so that I have all the info I need , even if my phone can t reach the network .
I love that everything is available everywhere , allowing me to capture anything .
Just downloaded the latest release , the text entry keyboard does not not_display and not_user is unable to enter text ,
Please keep it forward !
If Penultimate was available for my Kindle Fire , I d have all I need .
I paste my passwords I paste copies of receipts and anything that I need to locate later and I can easily find it in one location the search option is very handy as well .
Now I don t need to do that any more because this fulfills all my needs .
I love this app , but after the last up date I cant pull up the key board , to type , please fix I use this for everything ,
This app is such a great thing for beginning writers like myself .
I recommend it completely .
I wish it synced more often and that work saved on one device wouldn t automatically be saved over when it failed to sync .
So far Evernote has been the best note taker imho and the fact that I can use it across multiple platforms is great ! !
Useful , helps me to plan my day and post reminders .
In my opinion , the only thing it s missing is video handling .
You can add pictures and audio to your notes , and I think you should be able to add videos , too .
News Monitor , I tried this , just entered a simple note , but couldn t edit the note !
I was only allowed to either keep adding things to the note , making it bigger and bigger , or delete and start over .
For the iPad I d like to see something similar to TextExpander on the Mac where a couple of short hand characters could add multiple words .
\\n\\nWho s idea was the `` Shortcuts '' idea and to install an intrusive `` Star '' which in app language , means favorites , at the bottom of the iPhone app , this is just creating changes , for changes sake .
I think someone is just trying to justify their job , but isn t there a QC at Evernote to pass these changes off ?
\\n\\nFor example , I keep forgetting how to do a screen capture on my iPhone .
Now I can locate this page quickly and easily , whenever I need it .
That means I end up with tons of notes and really need to clean it out more often , but that s my problem , not not_theirs .
etter not not_update to the not_latest one , it will freeze or crash all the time .
You don t just lead me on and then kill it off .
Someone at the company needs to stand up for the users .
The latest update added a lot of stupid features , they have to make it optional at least\\n\\nI HATE when I reach to the bottom of any note and this list show up\\n\\nMAKE IT AN OPTION THAT I CAN TURN OFF IF I DON T WANT IT\\n\\nif they didn t fix this , I ll cancel my account and delete evernote\\n\\nThere is a lot of other choices for me in the app store ,
When I was creating trouble myself with uploading and lost a few of my notes , the staff were willing to compensate for the data , and they even gave me 3 months more of the premium to fall in love with the app again .
If a picture is taken in a series you can t delete just one \\nBasic editing poor ,
This ipad app and its iPhone sibling are not not_what not_I expect our of an evernote product .
Saved searches need to be easier to get to , and the app simply need to load faster .
its a good app but i think there should be daily reminders or just like the alarms that are already on the devices you can set the days .
The new user interface makes adding a note , and especially retrieving notes , very slow .
\\nIn the newest update , favourites have been removed , and replaced with shortcuts .
Otherwise I highly recommend it .
I hope to find out all the other ways I can use it !
Only platform I don t care for is app to use with Windows 8 , but can just use web access there .
Use it for notes , receipts , paperwork i need to save , even taking photos of where I park .
Two additions to this app to make it just about perfect would be ... one adding a lock/password/pass code feature to notebooks so students can t get into each others notebooks being on one evernote account .
Two , adding the ability to edit ( write/type ) right on top of a picture/document you bring into a note ( without not_having to not_go through Skitch ) .
You can only use the same 1 , 2 , 3 as sub bulletins , kind of stupid design .
Loved this application for a few weeks and now it s having major issues with syncing .
I went from hauling a heavy book bag around with me to just carrying my purse to class !
It takes some figuring out how to integrate into your life flow but once you do it is one of the most often used utilities I own on any of my devices .
The new version crashes on startup .
My only petty complaint is that I wish it was even more simple and clean , but other than that , I highly recommend this app .
If their servers ever fail and I lose everything I will kill myself .
I would like to see the ability to chose different text colors and different highlighter colors .
This is a great app for organizing information for work , I have made a notebook for all of my customers .
And it isn t published to the web where you have to keep a filter on what you say .
Sometimes I like to have notebooks of just websites , and creating entire blank notes just for each site is both inefficient and hard to go through afterwards .
You can get around this by using the Drafts app ( from Agile Tortoise ) to create Evernote notes if you use TE snippets ( e.g. , date/time stamps , which are VERY helpful ) , but it would be even better if Evernote supported TE out of the box .
\\n\\nThe ease and ability to merge notes is a great tool .
I recommend this app to students or to anyone who needs to organize a mass of heterogenous information .
Does everything I need it to do .
Perhaps there are handy tools that I am missing ; trainings that are obvious to all but me .
I also find that the left column flickers and the program crashes at every other use .
I highly recommend this App .
with that said I wish there was easier way to transfer info from Notes and merge or combine notes within program ,
I recommend this to ANYONE .
I use it more than almost any other addon app on my iPhone and iPad and desktop and recommend it to everyone .
\\n\\nI know this is probably a stretch but it would be really nice if there was a way to create playlists in a note .
There are so many opportunities , I don t think I ve explored them all , but there are big things that you can do .
Evernote is my goto app for notes and my proxy memory so I don t forget everything I need to do .
If you have Evernote , you need this app .
Only wish I could have more notes available a month , my fault I use too many !
This app has changed my life I can record and organize so much info both personal and professional will share it with as many people as I can hope it never not_fails me !
The only problem with it is that it doesn t have a feature to import notes from Apple s note app , and when you have over 200 of notes it can get tedious to manually transfer them ,
It has allowed me to stop printing stuff from the web to put in files and stop collecting piles of paper that need to be filed .
\\n\\nPage recognition camera should have multiple or resizing option for differing page sizes .
\\n\\nI also use my Evernote to store notes from meetings I attend , share important information with those who need access to the information .
Of course , there are a few issues ; nothing is perfect .
I use Evernote constantly to quickly store info that is then searchable and available on all my devices .
Evernote had made it so simple to create , organize , and keep organized all sorts of things I need or want to remember .
You d think they d fix it by now .
It s my go to whenever I need to jot a note down and I don t have my notebook or journal .
\\n\\nAnd I love how you can organize your notes by creating different notebooks and you can tag your notes .
I don t know how I made it this far w/o Evernote , but you are my `` go to `` app for .
\\n\\nYes you can do this through your emails , but this way is soo much cooler ! ? ! ?
Now my digital brain is even more accessible with the iPad app , adding huge value to the iPad .
I am still learning how to use it but it seems to have great flexibility .
\\n\\nLooking forward to learning how to integrate Skitch and Penultimate .
Synchronization constantly fails when I update or create a new note .
App constantly crashes .
A great system if you understand how to best use it .
\\n\\nStill needs a better random discovery feature .
Just download the app to your computer and portable device .
You can save all sorts of information to it and have a lot of flexibility on how to organize things .
To really reliably access this and save it across platforms when you are offline you need to upgrade to premium .
I have not not_been not_able to find good documentation or support .
My iPad often appears to hang and I can not not_tell not_if problem is with WiFi network or on the iPad .
Reminders are very general so you need one note for each task instead of the placing different reminders inside one note .
Every time I remember that I want to remind myself of some , have a writing idea , a blog thought , etc , I grab Evernote and jot it down .
My one big disappointment is that I can t work on a note if I don t have signal .
Once I was working on a note in a place with iffy wi fi .
The other annoyance is not not_really not_being able to share notes .
\\n\\nAppreciate the Facebook posting as well , when I want to share a particularly funny story I just entered into Evernote .
\\n\\nWish that notes could be stored locally , so I didn t have to find wifi access with my iPod .
Love it because I don t have to duplicate effort when I get to office .
I think Evernote should make an agenda , that would be magnificent .
I recommend this app to everyone , because I ve found numerous and diverse uses for it .
Does everything I need , I only wish I could mark notes as completed , and be able to filter uncomplete ,
Helps me reduce the amount of paper I need to keep around .
Feels like you can bring your blog or personal diary everywhere !
wish that I could sync and share folders with people but that s a paid service but it s the best and that s all that needs to be said .
I said that I understand that you don t troubleshoot problems with such apps , but all I want is to find out how to contact the app provider because the app did not not_credit me with not_payment .
Some of the new upgrades have made this an app that is extremely valuable .
I have had no not_problem at not_all synching all my devices .
\\n\\nI teach women s Bible Studies and I can prepare my lecture and all scripture and notes in a notebook .
That s good , right ?
I recently added Evernote to my iPad and laptop .
\\n\\nCreating notebooks is a bit cumbersome , especially adding sub notebooks .
I can use this practically everyday .
I use Evernote everyday and finding it to be amazingly useful since all of my notes are available on all of my devices .
But I like to align my writing to the center of the page , which you can not not_do .
This is a wonderful app that enables users to write about whatever they need in a variety of ways on a variety of devices .
With all the modules that are available , image manipulation is seriously lacking and would be a welcomed addition .
I hate filing paper , but I like taking notes and my occupation requires access to a large amount of information when I m not in the not_office .
It doesn t Reverse the list as it does on the PC version , which is a problem when reaching 400+ computers using a numbering system , take many swipes to get to the next note from a fresh restart of the app .
I always have access to documents I need .
\\n\\nI just bought the Moleskine notebook , and I am confident it will be a great addition to my toolkit .
Had to create my own in a notebook which is not a not_problem , not_but the only reason I did not not_give it not_5 stars .
It would be nice if I could delete a notebook or category after I create it .
I don t see how to do that .
But WHY is there no way to not_change not_font size ?
The challenge was trying to find one place to go to with the different types of documents I wanted to have quickly available for reference in the future sometimes at work but many times in another setting .
\\n\\nI have organized my notes by notebooks and every note is there when I need to refer back to it along with the date I last updated it .
Normally you have to use it for a while , so that you can really feel the convenience it really brings you .
Notes and todos update from where and what you need .
Nothing compares to Evernote available on all platforms and can keep pictures , ideas , travel plans , emails and more .
\\n\\nAs you start to add documents you don t experience the power until you need to search for something .
When the app opens there is no way to not_jump to the not_note you want to edit ( like an alphabetical list or letter table of contents to tap ) .
Evernote starts virgin each time instead of remembering where I last was ( IE the note I was in ) , and the edit function is quirky when you try to tap an existing note to edit in that it doesn t put the cursor where you tapped in the text but at the very end of the note , requiring scrolling ( blech ) .
Very handy , good potential , needs work .
A simple , dynamic way to keep track of everything you need or want to do , read , see , make ; a great tool for moving projects forward , keeping track of what gets done and what needs to happen next .
Never had a problem with it .
Still learning how to use the app .
I wish the would stop branching out `` Evernote Food '' , `` Evernote Hello '' , Evernote Clearly '' , '' Evernote Peak '' and just get the base right .
Definitely one of the most useful apps you can have .
It s uncomfortable to know my personal writings are available to whoever picks up my phone .
The process of adding notes via the email address that Evernote assigned me stopped working after only 52 notes .
Since I need to add many more in order to switch from another memo App Evernote seems useless .
While most of my power computing is done with a MacBook in my office , I have everything I need via cloud and Evernote with me in my travels .
I want to suggest : \\n1 .
\\n\\nI highly recommend Evernote .
It s a little slow at times and I wish you could attach a PDF or picture to a specific note you have already created , if you can , I haven t figured out how yet .
I have tried a few different note taking apps and they have all failed me until I tried Evernote .
My older iPad can t quite keep up , and Evernote crashes often when I try to copy and paste from another app .
Now that I use both iPhone and iPad , along with OS X , I m so glad I made the switch .
I ve never not_had not_any issues .
This app is great for notes , books , library searching , and details , but the bugs make it my number two app for writing since it often crashes , takes up to half a minute to load , and just freezes when I am writing .
Many nice features and reliable on my iMac , but I really need it on my iPad .
I use it to plan , design , create everything from dinner to buying a new car .
But I need to pay my dues to the greatest note taking , life changing , reference tool out there .
I actually upgraded so I could retrieve info for my daughter a wedding and I still could not not_work on not_line .
Please make it so I can make thumbnails or size the pic within the notes or even make a `` click to view '' button .
Have used it everyday for years now and hasn t failed me once .
It syncs between different instances of Evernote for the same account , which is awesome because that means I can use it on desktop , laptop , phone and Internet .
Example , if recording and you forget to stop recording , change networks and open up the app it loses the entire note the recording was associated with .
I needed to be shown about Evernote , but once I saw what it did I was hooked .
Last few updates have made Evernote on my iPhone even better than before .
\\n\\nMy only complaint is that a lot my notes aren t available without not_network not_access even though I have it set up to DL all of my notes locally .
It does what I need it to do .
I also tried Notability , but it is only available on iPad , which is not not_useful for me .
I wish there was a way to organize all of my documents into separate folders .
I highly recommend this app .
I highly recommend Evernote !
I put everything I need to know and remember in Evernote .
I also use my Doxie Go to quickly scan and upload documents to Evernote The new Reminder feature is a big improvement..it would be even better to add ability to set recurring reminders .
I recommend it to anyone !
\\n I would love to see my notes in beautiful font and theme than just being a default option .
Awesome for everything , only hookup for me was not not_being not_able to have others edit my shared notebook .
Just started usin Evernote and I am now a loyal user !
\\nI recommend it .
I no longer have to not_worry that not_I forgot my hard copies !
I always have what I need when I need it .
Since adding reminder functionality , this is a great app .
Always have access via phone , but nice to be able to access with iPad in a location where I can t pull wi fi .
If you forget things or need to access data from multiple places this is a must have app .
It keeps saying sending changes at the top but fails to sync .
It just doesn t work as well as it used to .
I think there should be different fonts as well as font sizes or colors , and that pictures can be made bigger or smaller .
\\nWish that you could nest notebooks more deeply , but that problem is probably best solved through better tagging , anyhow .
It doesn t support creating stacks , merging notes , and you can t edit created/modification dates from iOS .
The iPad app needs some love to get a better rating .
I had no not_problems not_before this update .
Others have had similar problems .
Katizzell , I ve had zero problems , but I wish there was a checklist function .
You have to make an account just to make notes ? !
Don t know what else I would use besides this for all my note taking and clipping articles from the web !
I recommend Evernote to people who want a cross platform collection and organization tool .
\\n\\nOne of the coolest functions is that you can insert images of handwritten information into a note and search on text strings in those notes ; Evernote has successfully ( not in not_all not_cases , though ) found the notes with those text strings .
Now it s all cloud based which means I need to have wi fi access everyplace I go in order to see my files since the app no longer not_stores the not_file on my iPad .
It might be fine for others , but it no longer not_supports my not_needs .
The tags are what Word and windows are missing .
Information is so interrelated these days that everything needs to be cross indexed a dozen different ways .
It would be nice if the two communicated so that there could be a link in Evernote to bring you to a project schedule and a link Priority Matrix that would open and Evernote note .
All of my thoughts , notes , ideas and anything that I need to keep track of this app does that .
You have to go into the info page under every note to see the time and date it was created on .
I always have what I need anything I m on my computer or phone .
If you constantly print out articles that you find interesting only to get disgusted by paper accumulation and just want to throw it all away , Evernote is the solution .
I can then download this to invoice 2 go and provide an invoice that is accurate to the day and time and I am storing information as I am visiting !
The Secret Weapon website will show you how to use Evernote to the fullest .
I love how when you make a list You can add little checkable boxes in the list , great !
Getting your ideas into a format YOU can and WILL use , easily communicating them seamlessly with other apps and being able to share AND save them forever .
\\n\\nSeveral releases ago it had stability problems on the iPad in which I was saving often hoping to avoid data loss but those problems have been resolved an it is solid .
\\n\\n==Ver 5.3.2 Down a star just because it has a persistent problem with bulleted lists .
Inserting a sub bullet into an existing bulleted list often creates a phantom bullet item with no not_text and not_I can not not_move the not_cursor to it .
Only real problem and it s minor .
Don t just download it , use it !
But , is there a way of writing words or letters colour as it is in MS Word ?
What I like most is that you can login and update your notes anywhere anytime .
One of the most useful apps available !
In classroom , while I record every word , I type notes , but I have to keep paper handy because sometimes I need to draw anything in the text .
I use it constantly and made a commitment this year to use this app exclusively .
Use it to write a book , create a to do list , collab with coworkers , design your house , plan a wedding , collect inspiration , and keep it all on one place ,
Very happy with the mobile app , the desk top has some bugs though ,
You can find anything you need in a mound of information .
\\n\\nOverall I d say you really can t go wrong .
\\n\\nI could go on , but this added `` Feature '' would be hard to top , if top is the word .
Overall works great , it just has the occasional bugs that any app has .
You can link so many other apps and tools to EN tandem have them at your figure tips wherever you are and when you need them .
After reading a paper in Harvard Business review on how to use Evernote for collaborative team work , I realized I had discovered a seriously useful tool .
Why is this so important ?
The iPhone and iPad provide convenience of location for accessing email .
\\n\\nAdditionally , classifying a note by notebook and adding tags makes it easy to organize among a couple different dimensions for easy retrieval at a later date .
Evernote is everything I expected plus more !
I love the new things you have added it helps me stay on what I need to do !
However , it is still missing a quality way to directly send notes from an iOS browser .
Love that I can take picture notes and get a memory jog just by looking at the `` post it '' .
It would be nice if they were preserved .
it provides the flexibility to keep track of all the divergent projects I m working on , in a way that works for my haywire brain !
If you travel meeting to meeting and have to take notes you have to download it .
Only issue so far is : once I had the icon on excel , word , and many other apps .
This was a very good gadget for I didn t have to go back to open Evernote or copy paste , I just clicked and so .
However , I thought whenI emailed my note to someone that they could have the option of saving it in their own evernote account .
I use it every day to collect the fiddly bits of information I need to keep track of .
I only need one copy of the note which is in its notebook .
We should have the option of being able to delete the note once its placed in the notebook in the all notes section .
It just has a steep learning curve , but once you get it down pat it will make your life so much better .
What happened to the notebook view in the latest version ?
Tell me how to get to it if I m missing something or BRING IT BACK if you took it out !
Sometimes not not_all not_notes are available when not on not_wireless not_network .
Have had relatively few problems , and this app has been very useful ; it s nice to have such versatility in a note app , and to be able to have all my notes available on all my devices .
Highly recommend this app .
It s great to store notes , documents , memories , etc , that you never not_want to not_forget , or you think might be useful in the future .
The best thing it is the true integrated solution meaning it is the connective tissue I need across all devices , apps , functions , etc .
Cross platform so I can use it everywhere .
\\nEvernote Hello really needs work , but Evernote Food is also terrific ; a bit more confusing to start , but very useful .
I use to really love this app , ( I didn t use it much but I still love to have it for a `` just in case situation `` , however , they messed it all up when they do a password reset , putting the password in wasn t the problem , the problem is that they want five common words to Verify the account , I rarely not_used it , not_HOW AM I TO REMEMBER WORDS THAT I VE USED ?
THAT S WHY I HAVE THIS APP , INCASE I FORGET SOMETHING I CAN OPEN THE APP AND BE REMINDED ! ! ! !
Finally , the most important feature added last .
Why were Reminders not not_added not_earlier ?
I knock on wood am yet to have a problem with Evernote .
Please don t loose any of my stuff .
I just knocked off another star for those .
\\n\\nUPDATE : Please provide background syncing for notes !
Please add text expander support , and I will rate it 6 stars .
But ... there is a but , small in comparison to the benefits ... the apps need to integrate better !
I just wish it had time stamps included , or maybe I am missing them somewhere .
I understand UI restraints mainly in connection with tagging and notebook management on the iPhone , while I think the iPad version should bring a very similar workflow as the website .
To bring an example : when you want to manage tags of one specific note you have to go into the info panel and than select tags in the panel and than browse through the tags or add new while on the web there is the dedicated space above the note for tags .
\\n\\nEveryone needs Evernote .
This is my favorite app on the market , but it crashes every time I try to go on it on my iPad it crashes .
Hopefully the solution will be in the next update .
I d give it 4.5 stars if I could only because there are some merely niggling issues I have , but Evernote keeps getting better .
\\n\\nThe only bug I ve found is that Evernote crashes when adding tags to new notes on iPad or iPhone .
I upload photos , scanned documents and web clippings ( I don t bother with the web clipper , I usually just upload screenshots from the iPad or iPhone ) .
I love this app but currently there seems to be a problem with scrolling down to the bottom of the note .
Please fix this issue .
They could offer a lot more .
\\n\\nHere s your rating Evernote since you wanted to know what I think .
I think you can do better .
If it spit out gold coins , some Would have problems with it .
\\n\\nDefinitely an app to try and you ll find ways you can t live without it .
If I need quick access to a note I don t want to take the time to enter my password .
If I need sync then ask me for the password .
I use it constantly to update my student s homework .
Highly recommend this app .
But my Reeder does not not_work not_well with it .
It would be nice if it worked more uniformly across devices : PCs , Mac , IPhone , iPad , Blachberry , etc . ,
If I could only have 1 app it would be this one .
If I decide on something during the day , I can easily look at my iPhone app and check to see what ingredients I need to pick up .
I did have some syncing issues with it on my windows computer but with tech support it was resolved .
( ~50 % are missing ) \\n text editor in desktop app is appalling .
Instead of just jotting down a note ( which I can t always do ) and referring to it later on once I ve gotten home , logged onto a computer , & amp ; opened up a Word document , it s so much easier and convenient to do it on this app .
I am really getting to know how to use this app and I am really liking the ability to add notes to my tweets when I can t get in everything I want to say .
Would it be possible to add the ability to make sub folders inside each notebook ?
I just love Evernote it has helped me so much especially because I have a brain injury and lose paper documents all the time .
I just wish you could pause when recording .
The editor is terrible and it needs a total makeover .
The reminders recently added are handy as well ,
Evernote has made our desks cleaner plus access to documents a whole lot easier in our business .
Just pull up a voice memo , camera , or type it out and place it in a folder .
Great product that really makes the iPad useful ( for me ) , but I would like to have more text controls .
I like the clean interface , but some way to access more of the style options would be great .
It gives me a way to organize all my thoughts , files , important emails , and lists in a way that makes things easy to access and find when I need them the most .
Good app , could be very useful to manage info in all areas of life .
I am getting some problems when I open Evernote on iPad .
Runs really well never not_crashes .
I can t live without not_Evernote it not_s a MUST for Everybody and everything personal business , There s too many things in this life you need to remember , And get to all time easily .
You need it .
I lost all my nots 2 times it happened and no not_I not_didn t delete them I update it and lost all of my nots ! ! !
This is a terrific app. , i recommend it to everyone that i meet .
Great tool , especially on the go when you need to jot down notes .
Never had a problem with this app .
As advertised , I can drop just about anything into it on one device , effectively file the info to a notebook and tag it , and have it available on all my devices .
Tech support suggests using `` right click '' but that is not an not_option on a not_phone .
There doesn t seem to be a problem .
It would be nice if that didn t happen .
but the problem is it will always have a conflict note across all platforms if I edit my notes on my phone .
\\nProblem no.2 is When taking photos as my note , I can t preview them to decide whether the pictures quality is good enough to be inserted into my note .
I definitely recommend it : ) ,
If you want to try GTD with Evernote , take a look at the Secret Weapon tutorial videos .
I love this app & amp ; been using if for years but the version has issue .
Every time I do something it tells me it can t sync .
From the day I found it two years ago and every day since , I ve learned how to streamline my life and my work , to record all the important elements of both and to share ideas and projects with my team around the world .
The only true downfall is that there is no not_sound to not_go along with the reminder , atleast I can t seem to find one .
If there isn t maybe it could be incorporated into the next update .
Of course it s not a not_Microsoft not_Word , but it s simple , easy and you can use everywhere you want .
It supports font types and size , it just isn t as easy as I d like to do so .
Evernote fails this first requisite .
Was recommended to try this app for 3 months .
Finally did , and can t believe what i was missing .
What is paper and pencil ?
All contracts , all documents , everything that I used to spend time on filling is now available everywhere within seconds .
I highly recommend this app .
I used to fill up 12 notebooks a year and then when I needed to find something I would have to flip thru multiple notebooks to find that notation .
The apps have tried to provide means for taming the resulting pile , with varying success .
Saved searches one of the most powerful features also needs a UI investment .
I love how I can use it on my iPad , iPhone and PC and it syncs to all devices .
My only advice is that you have to go all in with this app , otherwise you won t realize the true value .
The only thing that annoys me is not not_being not_able to access it all offline without not_paying not_but I guess they have to give some incentive for buying..don t have the money to spare for something extra like that but sure would be nice if I did .
It has been the single tool that has allowed me to compile and organize years and years of writing : fiction , reviews , lyrics , and other important information allowing me to actually begin to make use of it and creating a more paperless lifestyle .
I honestly think this is the greatest app ever and I would die if I could not not_use it .
I haven t had any problems .
This app does most of what I need .
Yea there may be a bug or two , but this service is a lifesaver for a busy entrepreneur trying to keep track of a dozen things ,
I have had this installed on my iPad I have been unable to run Utube or similar videos .
I used to find evernote to be a pretty useful app for some things , but the real value is unlocked when you just decide you re going to use Evernote for everything .
If I need to scan a document , I just use the scan feature in Evernote , and my scanned docs become searchable .
For me , this isn t a huge deal , but when I recommend the apps to others , it can be a problem , because if you really use evernote exclusively ( as I recommended above ) , then you might find yourself SOL if you re in traveling and don t have reliable access to Internet .
It took me some time to figure out how to use this tool in my life , but now it is indispensable in managing ALL work and personal tasks , goals , details .
I have been using this on off for about 6 to 8 months and then I began to understand how to use key features such as tagging , linking notes and it is now becoming my go to for tracking activity , projects , and reference materials organized .
Evernote is also a platform that will support a lot of the ideas from David Allan s book , `` Getting Things Done '' \\n\\nLastly I love having access to my info across multiple devices .
I use it for everything , especially when I need to write something on the go .
Shared notebooks need the option to allow delegates to make changes .
\\n\\nAlso , you really do need to be a very well organized person , with a strong filing system before you start , because it s really easy to send bookmarks , and notes , and web clips , and sites saved in Clearly to Evernote , and end up with them all scrambled u. because your Evernote email address changed and because you forgot the hint about how to get them into the right notebook , and you can t remember how to make a notebook , and when you clip in Clearly and go to edit , there is no way to not_edit not_what notebook the note goes into ( in fact there seems to be no way to not_edit at not_all ) so your note will be in some notebook or other when you go to look for it .
Even though I ve bought two e books about Evernote , and poured over the online help , I still can not not_figure not_out how to make a new notebook on my iPad .
\\n\\nI am generally good at learning how to use new apps & amp ; programs , and I do read help sections carefully .
I would also suggest a good calendar app for anyone looking for ever more organization .
It s the app that I use the most , please keep improving this great app , now finally with reminders !
In general , formatting could be improved .
I run a business and caretake two individuals everything I need is with me .
I also created a notebook in which I can store old entries for future reference .
\\n\\nUnfortunately , I can t view , add or change any of my notebooks on the website .
I m also having trouble logging in to Evernote using the MacBook App , so I haven t been able to use it on my computer , which I would be nice to be able to do .
I also think small pics should be the default rather than large pictures that kind f threw me off at first when I emailed something to a friend .
I can add photos and voice memos , I can dictate thoughts .
I can t access any of my notes .
I have had a synch problem or two just not not_synched not_when I needed it to be .
I love that you can access your notes from anywhere .
Then I updated the note on my phone , and later found that it hadn t updated anywhere else .
I recommend this app ,
That s the principal problem with all iOS programs .
Would love to see tasks added .
Using this to plan my wedding and to make note of things I want to do and places to go .
This app has made my job and life so much easier !
It is available on all platforms and syncs automatically .
I have been using this for about a year now and I have never not_had an not_issue with losing notes .
I don t have any problems with this app .
I am also unable to email the existing info .
I love that I can add photos and audio !
I sometimes forget that it uploads my notes to the Evernote site and that I can use it on the internet , but that is another plus , because my notes are accessible if I am away from my iPad .
If you haven t tried Evernote , what are you waiting for ?
I m still learning how to use it , but have come to rely heavily on it .
Wish it would let me create deeper nests of notebooks , but maybe I jut haven t figured that out yet .
There are really no not_set not_ways to keep track of all your paperwork and activities of life but Evernote simply gives you all the tools you need to get a handle on some form of accountability for your time and work .
mscheerful , Evernote has made my life so much more organized !
I just wish you could video directly in the app .
Once you start hiving every piece of info into Evernote , you can search and find anything you need very quickly .
Now if I am at store I can pull it up and see what I need and or share with a friend !
On the iPad I have not not_figured not_out how to do this so all the notebooks are in one big pile alphabetically .
No more wasted time hunting down much needed info .
Why don t you have this already ?
Please keep up the great work and because everyone will be using this app soon enough .
Adding reminders to notes is genius !
I need sync .
Now I don t forget anything .
I always have what I need where I need it .
Prett much everything I need in note taking software .
Great app you can use for everything and anything you need/want to organize your life !
I use it all the time , I just love it .
And it would be nice to be able to rearrange the tabs too .
I hasn t failed me yet .
I definitely recommend this if you seem to need to type down short things .
Seriously , everything I want and need to do and all the ways I want to take notes annotated and tagged images clippings , articles , news reports , etc offered in a nicely bound package that helps keep organized .
It took me a while to figure out how to use the new version but now I like it .
I now use Evernote for everything after paperport failed me .
The only problem is that the international account is very slow when syncing in China .
How to solve that ?
I only wish there was a way that i can bookmark or save at a specific place in a document , that way if i m switching between notes i \\nalways come back on the same place , and not have to not_scroll my not_way back from the beginning .
I also think they need to add a lock feature , so that you can lock a note and prevent it from being edited this would help a lot when you re sharing notes .
Great app with the exception that reminders need an audible alert that is customizable .
However , beginning today it immediately crashes as soon as I open it .
This is very disappointing as I have information I need to access/add .
Please fix this !
Please consider adding this much needed feature .
This application has provided me with a great solution to holding onto documents that I need to access when I am in various locations .
App supports a wide range of features but as a primary note taking App it lacks a fast launch and overall speed across the entire App .
Also needs ability to search using some command strings like search only note title .
Since I use this heavily every search query for me brings too many results whereas most of the time I only need to search note titles .
Just start a new note , tap the camera icon , and either take a new photo or paste an old one .
I highly recommend it .
So I decided I needed something better .
So , the only problem I have is the fact we can t change the font or font size .
Only way for me to get the size I want is to go online and find something with the right font and size , paste it into notebook , then start writing .
Has made my life easy !
This version of the client ( 5.2.3 ) is excellent and I use it to outsource parts of my brain , carrying my iPad and iPhone ( and now my Moleskine ) everywhere my desktop client can t go .
When I called customer support they asked for a screen shot , which of course I could not not_provide .
just love it !
My favorite feature is having all my notes on all my devices and all my computers so I can use whichever one fits my current situation .
I love that I can use it on my computer , my tablet , and my phone .
Works great w the flexibility to have the notes transfered and quickly available on ipad iphone mac and on web version .
I take it to every meeting I attend and every conference where I need to take notes .
\\n\\nRecent upgrades have just made it all the better .
I can t imaging going to a meeting now without it !
Inserting pictures and audio is a breeze and really helps me capture what I need to remember .
What I like about living in the Information Age is how you can use infotech to harness the electromagnetic energy of the brain to go deeper .
It communicates between all of my devices and I love adding pictures , notes and tags .
I am ready to convert it all to Evernote notes and store them nicely in binders I can create from my iPhone , iPad , PC , Macbook , etc .
Especially useful for keeping all my recipes handy so I can plan dinner on the way to the grocery store .
When I click the reset email it says that email expired so basically I can t use Evernote .
In a world that requires varying types of passwords for different sites , Evernote allows quick access to entries to remind you of your account numbers , IDs , and password hints .
I thoroughly recommend it .
I d love it more if I could\\n1 ) move notes to different notebooks\\n2 ) delete empty notebooks\\n3 ) use the web interface from my iPad this just does not not_work not_correctly .
I definitely recommend this app for anyone who needs help organizing or remembering things .
I have never not_had a not_problem with it syncing across platforms .
There was an issue with a breach in security and I was asked to change my password .
But they do have to make money somehow so I m ok with it .
Evernote is a great idea and utility .
How about general documentation , formatting , etc ?
\\n\\nThose would all be great things that could make Evernote the end all be all for everything for everyone .
I understand that they would need to change the pricing model a bit , but it s not not_inconceivable , not_impossible , or so far fetched to imagine how to accomplish that .
This app however lacks many of the greatest features of Evernote and it still requires you to use the Desktop app to access and setup those features .
You can use it as a simple note taker or turn it into the library of congress ( but likely far more indexed , tagged , and searchable I might note ! )
Love that I can use this wherever I need to .
I will enter info on my iphone , ipad , or on my PC .
I would however really like to see multi level bulleted and numbered lists added .
I use Evernote to store work notes and just about every piece of paper at home that I need to hold on to for one reason or another .
The only criticism of the software may just be due to my own lack of knowledge in using it , but I do often feel that I d like to have a more traditional file hierarchy when it comes to my notes and notebooks .
I ve given it 4 stars because I m haven t been able to find a web clipper for my iPad and don t know why there isn t one available ?
It s great to have all my notes available on my Phone , iPad and Mac .
You definitely need this app .
I use Evernote for everything I need to organize at home and at work !
I keep meeting notes , shopping lists , and things I need to accomplish .
I have way too much going on in life to remember it all this way I have instant access to anything I need to recall and more .
This is what you need .
I highly recommend it ,
Both Evernote & amp ; Evernote hello have made my iPhone a better product .
Evernote is great for not just not_writing not_notes , but extensive documents .
I am able to be completely paperless and am not not_forgetting the not_things that are important to me because of this app .
Where a twelve step program failed , Evernote has saved me .
If you want to remember it , if you need to remember it , Evernote it !
I really love the that you can format your notes how you would in as a Word document , with headings , alignment , bold , italics , bullets and numbering , etc .
this move is apparently irreversible and I can no longer not_see the not_photos I took of passages from the book I have read , which I was planning to quote/cite later .
if I am to use an app that allows for this much thought and effort to be stored within it , I need to be able to trust that my work will not not_be not_lost with a simple touch screen selection error .
\\n\\nBest ideas are sometimes obvious .
This app is great for jotting down notes and keeping them organized..the tabs are an easy way to find what you are looking for..although I would love to see an option to move the notes from notebook to notebook .
Guess im still looking for ways that i can really use this , but so far so good .
I put anything worth saving here , and it s the first place I look when I need to access information later .
I m sure that I don t know how to fully utilize it .
My computer memory is so full from pictures , that saving anything becomes difficult at times , and Evernote helps so much with that , especially as often as it automatically saves what you re doing !
I really have been missing the benefits of Evernote !
I take pictures for work and need to add notes to each photo .
\\n\\nI probably spend an hour or more in Evernote , adding new things like receipts or copies of important paperwork ( and shredding all the paper ) or better organizing what I ve already added .
I don t have to worry that I `` need to get it right '' since changing how you do things is not not_very not_difficult or time consuming .
As a business owner at 49 yrs old , I love all the new things ( tools ) available in the work place ( and cloud based ) such as Evernote .
If I can remember that welI i don t need Evernotes !
I have been using Evernote for the past 2 years and recently , it has been crashing on me constantly .
Will give the fifth star when dual tag functionality becomes available so that I can filter my to do list down to 1 Now @ Home .
\\n\\nNote : I am not not_fond of not_Business Evernote , it needs some fine tuning with regards to pricing and features .
I m a big fan and highly recommend it .
I can create text , image and audio notations to accurately represent any ideas and concepts .
Finally , an app that helps organize the millions of things you need to remember , research , buy , or just put somewhere .
It syncs beautifully between iPod and MacBook , so all my notes are available when and where I need them .
When I need to remember something I use Evernote !
Evernote has truly revolutionized how I do everything from work , to home , to hobbies , Evernote has made my life organized and effective .
I use it dozens of times a day , for everything from work to helping me plan my wedding to grocery shopping lists .
Above and beyond the incredible features and ease of use of the Evernote system the iPad app provides an exceptional experience by specifically tailoring the iPad experience to best suit the iPad interface and mentality .
The app also considers the graphical , hands on style of the iPad with strong parallels to notebooks and filing cabinets providing a level of familiarity and pleasing form factor that thoroughly impresses .
I also wish it would allow me to put the cursor anywhere on the screen like you can do in the desktop application .
I like adding Excel and PDFs to my notes .
Leave the paper behind and have the information you need on any Internet enabled device always .
On my Apple iPhone you can even use the dictation portion to enter notes which makes it much faster .
Here is why : many times I had issues with it screwing up the format of things I would try to paste from other websites , it didn t have an option to allow me to post a website into a specific set of notes .
I would love to see an enhancement to allow the mobile user to rotate photos .
A few differences in the interfaces on the various devices but nothing you can t figure out on your own .
EyeRonik1 , My wife lost 3 days of notes from a conference when the app crashed .
Evernote was quite handy when I was looking to buy a house .
This app allows me to plan projects with ease .
\\nI highly recommend Evernote to others .
Secondly I know you can encrypt sections of the note and notes are transferred over SSL BUT I d really like to have contents of note\\n\\nDecrypted on app when I sign in\\nEncrypted prior to being sent over wire and stored encrypted .
Very useful for organizing notes , adding pics , and keeping track of diff things in diff folders .
Lately Evernote has been giving me error messages every time I update a note on my iPhone .
Why can t Evernote offer specific services for specific rates .
And anyone who needs to save a thought before they forget it .
\\n\\nIt would be nice to have a Folder or Category option .
\\n\\nI only wish there were more explicit instructions on how to use Evernote that is the only reason I m not not_giving it a not_5 rating .
I understand there are far broader uses for this app , but I can t seem to figure them out , and it s not not_clear not_how to get technical support .
Love that you can add it to your browser and clip websites straight in .
You can add photos to your notes with ease ,
NoreenH , How is there not an not_option to not_resize images on the iPad app ?
I needed to see my brain on `` paper '' quickly .
I needed a quick cheap and efficient way to keep track of my records .
I love that information entered into this app is available on my computer , my iPad , and my phone .
G , This app is a testament to anyone who thought a simple notepad application could not not_be not_improved !
\\n\\nIn the last couple of releases they added a lot of functionality .
I particularly need to see word counts .
Please consider adding this .
The offline notebooks and sharing capabilities alone are well worth the price , if you need them .
But when you do , you will truly see the significance , I highly recommend it .
Evernote provides such an easy to use interface .
This app does everything I was looking for a note keeper to do .
I use it all the time and recommend it without not_reservation .
Note change you can now edit non text notes with iPad version .
This provides the opportunity to capture a thought , modify notes , and capture images at a moments notice and have access to them at any time .
What I can t find is a way to delete old notes .
If there is a way to do so it s not not_clear .
Because of Evernote , it is all instantly available and searchable on all my devices .
\\n\\nThe app works generally as expected , but the main issue I have with it is the frequent background crashes .
That being said , I could REALLY use a way to enter symbols easier ( greek , especially ) considering I take notes for physics and chemistry and even , if possible , an equation editor .
I wish the app was available in my corporate environment .
Has added a nice organic structure to my life while allowing me to be my creative and somewhat unstructured self .
With a full time job ( non writing ) and parent , I have to catch time when I can and this app provides the access and power I need .
I remember there was an email sent out by the `` Evernote Powers That Be '' stating that Evernote s primary market would be tablet users who needed the ability to enter handwritten notes and have them recognized as text ; thus the pricing was a bit high .
( Which also means you may never have to not_print it , not_either . )
I tried to edit a note on my Touch but the next day , when I connected , the information I added had vanished .
You can use it just for simple notes , or organize your whole life with it I sit somewhere in the middle , and am only just now exploring its document saving capacities .
One of the best apps available !
It does everything I need for my pressure washing biz .
Henntl04 , I planned my entire wedding , am working on plans for a two month road trip and a move across the country , and keep all of my medical information in ever note .
The fact that I can record something anywhere , anytime , and have it available anywhere , anytime is what I love about Evernote .
It has been fantastically useful ; the bugs are annoying sometimes ; syncing can be slow .
Scalable and versatile enough that you can easily adapt it to your personal style and the way you think , rather than having to crimp your style in order to get the functionality you need .
I can create notes , record meetings , and take snapshots .
I thought for a while if I really needed a notes app and then decided to give Evernote a try .
It provides efficiency in both work and home life .
I highly recommend this apps for anyone who need to track great deal of informations , in order to increase his or her productivities .
That could be that I just haven t figured it out , but if it s there it s not not_obvious .
It does what I need ,
If you need a place to store and retrieve information then Evernote will work great for you .
I have given a rating of 4 stars simply because nothing is perfect and I know that the developers are most likely working on this app as I speak to make it even better .
Updates had fixed problems , but suddenly problems have returned .
App crashes immediately and is unusable .
Did not not_expect to not_love it so much , but they took cloud based word processing to another level .
Now instead of cutting them out and piling them all around , I can either type them out and create new files , store images of them , or copy from various websites and keep them easily organized in one place .
love the chance to get to what i need regardless of device .
So if I create a note on my computer and then want to pull it up on my ipad , even after they have synced , it will not not_allow me .
The only way around this is to pull it up on my ipad after making it on my computer and then I can access it offline .
\\n\\nIt would also be nice if Evernote helped you to create a todo list .
It would be nice if there were more font options on my iPad .
For example , I am unable to change the color of my text if I m typing on my ipad .
I use it in the hospital alot and even though I have everything saved on the phone it still takes a little too long to load things when I need them .
Despite all the bells and whistles , if it can t sync properly it is useless .
It is exactly what I I ve needed to get my digital life organized .
I m teaching myself how to cook now that I m disabled , and having a Cooking notebook with multiple sub notebooks such as Recipes , Hints & amp ; Tips , Nutrition , etc. , helps me record and later quickly and easily find what I need .
Highly recommend this app !
\\n\\nThe ability to sync my meeting notes across tools is critical and and has helped me in my work .
With a little effort you can integrate all info you ll need in this app .
Just try it !
Please fix this Evernote !
Just learned the link feature today and can t wait to put my files in order using it .
I use this app daily for keeping notes and organizing the things I need to remember .
You still have to use screen .
I love this app , but if I am relying on it to sync between all my devices and I magically can t find my most important notes , this is a problem .
Serenes , Every time someone says `` I need to keep track of something '' or `` I need a place where all of us can share ideas '' I always recommend Evernote .
Yes , there is google docs or Dropbox for document sharing , but usually I just need to jot down an idea , and this is perfect for it .
Love the fact that you can add photos , audio and even web clips ( on the computer ) .
I thought it was cool , but did not not_really not_think I would use it .
$ 45 well spent to have access to my work files whenever I need them and organized so perfectly on my laptop , cell , and IPad .
For everything I do , from Boy Scouts to Sunday School to the office , I have what I need organized in different note books .
I went to open a doc I created about a year ago , and it was gone .
love that I can add a soundtrack to my notes .
Please bring it to the next level so I can use 1 app once and for all .
Evernote has helped me become a more organized person and to have documents , thoughts/ideas , and journal entries readily available .
Only annoying part is that you can t highlight and drag text around even on a PC .
Evernote has everything I need !
But this is not not_really an not_Evernote problem at all more to do with needing more processing power on ipad 3 .
On the phone , it seems you can not not_delete not_voice memos .
If you need a program to store random notes and information that you can access later on , this is the program for you .
Paid for the upgrade even tho I don t really need it just to support the developers .
\\n\\nMy one complaint is you can t print from it , but there are workarounds for that .
Only problem is that I need more security .
Doesn t look like they are planning to do this .
The only complaint would be that it needs more options for font .
\\n\\nWould give it 5 stars except ( IMO ) the app needs a to integrate a calendar app into it .
I would jump on the premium plan in a heartbeat if that were available .
\\nThe local desktop version could be beefed up a bit to compete with OneNote .
Having notes available on all your devices are great .
I can take notes at work and school and have them available anywhere .
\\n\\nI like that EN added feature of Note Links , which are embedded links made on desktop yet readable nicely here .
I can take notes anywhere , on my phone or on my computer , and everything syncs and it just makes my life so much easier .
Now if I can just figure out how to move text message strings into Evernote it will be perfect ,
So I can t use Evernote .
I love that I can add graphics and sound .
Anything I need to keep track of I keep in Evernote .
I have it on my iPhone , but that s mostly for access rather than creating notes .
I could go on and on about what it can do , but the shorter list would be what it can t do .
I m still learning how to make it work for me .
\\nI would rate it a 5 , but it really , really needs font size adjustments in notes !
It is great when you have to grab and go to ER with them .
Highly recommend this application .
And , it s not not_like not_some other apps , it solid and does not not_crash .
Wish interface were more sophisticated and needs more flexibility w/formatting the notes ( e.g. , making tables and choosing fonts/layout/smarter margins ) would be great .
Does everything I need it to do and then some .
I don t type as fast on my IPad virtual keyboard and I just like handwriting notes anyway .
I am so glad that a friend recommended it to me .
Second , they have to provide a satisfying experience ( intuitive UI , easily repeatable , memorable processes , exceptional design ) .
No offline is a problem but beyond that great app ,
This is a great app for taking notes and just writing down anything you want to remember .
Went back to the old notebook and deleted the copy didn t need it there anymore , right ?
\\n\\nHmmmm ... just spent 45 minutes trying to get this up and running smoothly .
I use this for all my lists and for some reason , I like using it more than the outlook task lists I can use this and update it from my PC It s simply more appealing .
\\n\\nLack of offline search is an issue .
\\nThank you for making this available .
\\nWith all the excitement over Digital Paper and scanning docents into Evernote ; I would like to see an image editor .
I can add photos and text .
Requires Internet connection to get at your notes with your phone , but a local copy is available for offline searching when using a laptop .
\\n\\nOn the iPhone it is a little cumbersome to scroll through long lists ( like if you need to return to the top of the list to initiate a search ) , so organizing them well helps .
It needs to work on being integrated with some of the other browsers to avoid a daisy chain process to get items into Evernote , but once the information gets there it is easy to find , tag , search , organize .
Tags could use a word cloud function .
But now I have so much information which needed to be organized that I find Evernote is the perfect tool for managing projects ,
Afterwards I try and open again and it asks to send a report , but then crashes .
I love being able to save data in one place and have it accessible when I need it .
When you have half a dozen jobs you have to be organized .
It is available on many platforms , and you can start using it right away .
But , there s always something new you find you can do with it because of a good set of features .
I highly recommend this to anybody that needs to access information quickly .
It has made such a difference in my life .
Would be nice to have the option to change but there isn t. It s a goner .
I don t think i know how to use it corr ,
Sign up for their email to get ideas : this is THE indispensable app , and you need it on your laptop/desktop too .
Amazing what can be found in all he nooks and crannies of his program .
I ve never not_had not_any problems with it though .
\\n\\nHighly recommend it !
Who are you to say that I need to change my password !
Especially since I was already creating a l o n g note .
It kept insisting I log into some account or create an account .
I have no not_desire to not_do either and I never not_could not_figure out how to bypass the startup login requirement and use it as a standalone note taking app .
\\n\\nEpic fail .
Good but notes are not not_available not_offline unless you favorite them which you can not not_do on an not_ipad .
There are not not_enough not_font/formatting functions available .
I need to double up on Evernote and Google Drive to make it work the way I need it to .
I tip my hat to the rock star programmers who created it !
But I was finding I was still missing something .
Problem was when I d have to try to go back and search for old notes from past meetings or projects .
The only aspect that I observe as lacking is the `` source URL '' feature as accessed through the iPhone ; I can not not_add the not_source URL from this device , but can do so easily from a PC or iPad .
I highly recommend it !
mischiefthecat , I use this app for so much , I HIGHLY recommend it and suggest to tag your notes and you ll be able to retrieve so EASILY .
I simply create a notebook , and jot down my ideas .
\\n\\nMy only complaint is that I wish you could either 1 ) draw on the notes like you can in Notability , or 2 ) share files with Notability .
Whenever something pops into my head , I just create a new note so that I can remember it later .
I like this software , the only improvement that needs to happen is the bullets need a lot of work .
If I am reading a book and want to take notes I simply create a new notebook and make notes .
I just love this app !
There are endless uses for this app and I highly recommend it .
I recommend this .
When I need to copy and paste a lot of data to save on my Ipad , this is the app to use .
When you put them all together , the desktop , web and mobile apps are an impressive solution for just about any productivity challenge .
The software still crashes periodically on the IPAD , but nothing is ever lost .
That is a problem as I now use the IPAD as my primary portable comptuer .
Easy to use , and efficient , but it fails a lot on the iPad , especially when trying to take a note of a picture in your gallery .
Please fix this problem , I used to use Evernote on my phone for everything , but it keeps failing on my iPad , so it s no not_fun not_anymore .
Also , the format could use some touch ups , or maybe just a complete make over .
My notes are always here , via wifi or 3G .
I Love this app and recommend it highly !
I am committed to learning how to use this .
I plan to expand my usage once I get yarn done .
I use it all the time , but in terms of appearance , it could use some personalization .
I can t even look at my notes without not_being not_connected to the Internet anymore .
No reason the notes should be deleted during this process .
\\n\\nIf you re looking for a really useful and very accessible way to take notes , write to do lists , etc . it doesn t matter whether you are a student , business person , or a stay at home parent , this is your app .
\\n\\nOne thing I would love to see added is an outlining function .
I wish so much I could just tap and make it go away so I could access what I need to and be done !
I find that I need to use the shortest sync setting and switch to a `` generic '' note when I leave a computer/device so that I minimize the chance of conflicts occurring .
Then it would be the only app I would ever use for all things productivity .
\\n\\n2 things though : the app needs to open way faster .
\\n\\nAnd second , i really wish there was a way to pull out the documents I have in Evernote .
This app is everything I need .
First app you should download with an iPad .
One can add photos to show one s activities on a any day .
It has the features I need without not_being not_overwhelming .
I highly recommend it .
When I get something in the mail that I don t need to act on right away , but I need to keep it , I scan it or take a picture and put it in Evernote .
I ve had Evernote since 2010 but just started REALLY using it as my lifestyle has demanded more idea capturing , journaling , and I have more devices now .
The issue is the navigation is just awful .
I just love it .
Abqaiq2 , You can create lists , keep track of and search items .
But the real power here is that this app as an engine could build a lot of solutions for things no one has not_thought of not_yet .
This fix would be helpful especially if you are typing notes and want to know the exact spot on a recoding to reference in playback .
I use it for everything I need to remember .
I used to just use the notebook app but then i discovered this gem .
Don t need a complex folder/hierarchy structure ( although you can create one if your mind works that way ) and the search engine rocks .
Yes , for full use premium features have a annual subscription , but how much is your time wasted looking for that piece of paper worth ?
If you re an organizational freak like me or if you just want one , paperless place to keep all of your ideas , this is the app for you .
We need handwriting to be converted , selectable and copiable as text .
I would give it 5 stars but I haven t easily figured out how to delete notes from the app .
I like how you can use it on any mobile device as well as a PC or web browser .
Will take time to figure out how to use along with other productivity tools .
However , sometimes it fails to record what I have written just now so that I have to rewrite again .
Now , I can t even sign in !
It would be even greater if I could use it at work but our computer security folk are back in the 50s .
It does everything & amp ; anything I need !
Then you will get hooked on it like coffee !
Not really what I need .
Won t it just be overwhelming and thus useless ? ''
\\n\\nI love the idea of being able to share my notebooks with messages or a printer , but why can t I share to Facebook ?
However this has been some major issue since I upgraded .
Also there is this constant `` unknown error E3 '' that keeps happening and it just won t sync .
After all these years you would expect to have right to left text support , RTL .
It has been request for many years but still not not_added to the not_product , although it is not that not_hard at not_all !
\\nIt just bothers me how Evernote takes so long to open .
And during the day I will check off all I have done and add all I plan to do .
I tried to log in tonight and it requested I reset my password for some reason .
OK here is the ridiculous part .
\\n\\nPlease , if you need me to reset my password , figure out a better way than this .
You have to register with Evernote to use this app .
You will also have to pay ( upgrade your Evernote account to premium ) to access your own content if you re not not_online .
Just need a spreadsheet any then it would be perfect ! !
A little bit of time needed to figure out the details .
Only wish it had better link options with iOS Calendar I wind up just cutting & amp ; pasting .
Really glad a friend recommended it !
I think it will probably be useful in the workplace once I graduate , as well .
Only downside is you have to pay monthly to be able to have a pin access ,
Tools that are available in the app are fairly crude .
\\n\\nThe other thing that is sorely missing is the ability to have note templates .
Anything that I needed to keep in my pocket or briefcase now lives in Evernote .
My business partner and I can access our lists , etc . and update them for each other .
I live how this app works , I remember things best using images and finally someone made this for people like me !
Although Evernote is indispensable , it needs some simple capabilities , such as word/letter count and clean HTML5 export .
This app was very good until it made you pay to take note offline in addition to the fee for buying the app .
It took too long to load and crashes a lot .
My one suggestion to improve the `` I can find anything ness '' of the app would be not only not_be not_able to make a copy of a note in another notebook , but to have that note update the other versions of itself in additional notebooks whenever you update ANY version of it .
on my iPad Gen. 1 ) and wish it contained more full editing capabilities ( I can t find how to input a horizontal line ) .
It s reliable , simple to use , and the ability to sync up everything to all my Apple Devices ; it just provides a great ease of mind .
Please fix the syncing issue when audio/picture is embedded ! ! !
Love the way I can use any of my devices and always my notes handy to review .
I m learning how to use it , but so far I like it .
Everyone who loves having everything at their fingertips should have this .
If anyone gives me a piece if paper Ina meeting I scan it then recycle .
To fully utilize I recommend also downloading it to all computers you use .
I use it for everything from grocery lists to keeping a record of things i need to reference while transcribing the current deposition i am working on .
Thanks Evernote team for this most excellent app and for all the other great apps you have developed , especially EverClip for the iPad ; i use the Mac version and am happy to see it added to the iPad .
Does everything you need it to do .
Let me type message bubbles right onto PDF s like you can in the Kindle reader so you can make notes or retain critical thoughts when you re reading .
Unfortunately , the features that Evernote has on its monthly subscription can be found in other apps for a `` one '' time fee rather than a monthly one .
How many times will you guys have to fix this app .
I understand that you need to test these updates etc . but please release them after ALL THE BUGS ?
\\n\\nAlso , there are some small issues that keep me from rating the app higher : \\n\\n1 .
This is not an not_issue on my not_iPad , but this is not not_efficient on my not_iPad Mini .
Please use all available screen real estate .
This is generally an issue for all iPad Mini apps , but it s particularly egregious here .
The app crashed when I reopened my iPad and I lost 8 hours worth of notes .
Adding pictures and sound is a plus .
It could only be better , if it could be converted to google doc format , for printing .
Cleaning of my desk at work is super easy , I just snap pics of any loose notes/paper and tag it in Evernote .
Shared notebooks are awesome for side projects too , but are only available with a premium acct .
It is fast and the web clipper is great ( just discovered the clipper for my iPad ) .
I looked it up and others have the same problem .
It ll be great if a pen writing like penultimate could be incorporated into it .
Getting info transferred between 2 iPhones , iPad & amp ; computer Works like you would expect it to ,
You never have to not_remover not_details again as everything is filed in a searchable repository .
Love it , but nothing is perfect right ?
Even when the app crashes , most of my data is already saved !
I can see everything I need and sort however I want !
Highly recommended due to it s ease of use and flexibility ... my information is available everywhere , anytime I need it .
I even photographed the back of the combo locks at the gym so I won t forget the combination .
In each run , the program will crash .
I have issues and been unsuccessful to get them resolved .
Please make the audio from recording better in quality .
I find myself looking up online how to do the things I want done .
\\n\\nIt s flexible for all that because of its tags and folders and its constant sync means I can add something to the tag for my BF `` to read '' and he ll have access right away .
I can use its `` email into Evernote '' feature to send my medication , asthma , migraine and other records from other apps to my medical folder , which I can then share with my doctors !
\\n\\nI really recommend Evernote you don t lose anything to try .
\\n\\nI also suggest you check out Feedly or Newsify ; `` Everyday.me '' ( a diary app that saves/syncs your Facebook , twitter , LinkedIn , and Foursquare posts to weekly EN notes ( and any app posts plus any you email in to it ) ; Evernote Food ( now you can add all your recipes ! )
Syncs seamlessly , and there is never a not_problem .
Oh what I was missing .
Hey , here s an idea : Evernote , acquire the Audionotes App .
I recommend it to everyone .
How did I ever live without it not_?
I use it almost everyday , taking down ideas at any time so I never not_worried not_I will forget them as before .
The only thing I would love to see Evernote doing is adding a choice for videos .
Does everything I need it to .
It just needs the ability to move and group folders and notes within the app .
If you re a student or just someone who deals with a lot information you need Evernote .
\\nI can also email a document to my evernote and have it available for meetings .
If I get to a meeting and need a different document , I can call the office and have someone email it to my evernote account .
I recommend it to everyone who needs information or reports .
Although it has some formatting issues compared with the website/desktop apps , I can overlook them .
Has made me a much more productive ( and happy ) individual .
Sure , it takes some work on your part to sort it all out but you have to get it in one place first .
When going to a hyperlink , you must tap the document a few times to get back to the document browsing .
\\n\\nNow , since you insisted on feedback , here are a couple of things to improve : \\nSync why do you get so many errors , and seem confused about syncing ?
I love that it s available on every major platform .
Well , if I typed them up on here , then I ll always have them so that s not a not_problem .
Using Evernote just gets better and better for me .
It is instructions on how to combine your usage of email and Evernote to create a GTD system ( `` Getting Things Done '' by David Allen ) .
There are numerous resources available for you to learn different ways people implement an Evernote system in their lives , take some time and develop a system that you like .
This does all I need it to , does it well , reliably , and keeps me SYNCHED .
I can just write and keep all kinds of notes with a simple intuitive interface that doesn t need to be learned .
If evernote provided this feature it would deserve 5 stars .
The app still needs calendar integration and a better approach to task lists and reminders .
All my devices are synced and I have access to notes when I need them .
\\n\\nThe latest version of Evernote for iPad and iPhone is excellent and has all the flexibility and note taking capability I need ,
\\nI like the fact that I can create bullet points , numbering etc . \\nI had a 4 hour seminar that I took notes on via my IPhone and was able to email them out to my team immediately after because they looked proffessional and were ready to go .
It s probably a 5 star app when it s not not_crashing .
Something , perhaps a recent update , is causing it to crash repeatedly upon opening .
For several days I have not not_been not_able to access the app on my iPad ; it works fine on my phone .
\\n\\nPlease fix this issue and I will update my rating .
There s not not_much not_worse than a fantastic app that you just can t use .
A friend recommended this app .
If you are a writer and have multiple work stations ; Or maybe you just spend your time taking notes on your mobile and would like to compile those thoughts into a coherent story on your desktop or laptop computer .
I can use it for anything and I do !
\\n\\nThe more info I gather the more I think Evernote needs a passcode to access this data .
If I forget my iPad , or it dies , I can just whip out the phone and continue taking notes or studying , no not_hassle .
So happy to be able to categorize notes I need to find !
now that I ve discovered how to use it .
There are a few functions on the desktop or web based versions that are either missing in the app or I simply don t know how to leverage them in the app ( I m not not_going to not_hold my ignorance against a rating , so I will keep the app rating at 5 stars , as it is really fantastic ) .
I do like this one better also because you can have as many notebook as you need to stay organized .
It created a difficult situation .
However , on the plus side it never not_seems to not_loose data when it crashes .
\\n2 ) I would love to see more editing and formatting capabilities\\n3 ) I am not not_sure the not_developers have a precise vision of what the primary purpose of the product is .
( To me they do not not_do a not_great job in describing all it can do either . )
Do not not_feel not_Evernote does good job in explaining features .
It s amazing , and meant that when my laptop crashed I still had access to all my important files on other devices .
Usually great but I just lost a really long email that will be difficult to re write .
I was messing around and made a few random notes but the Tried to delete it but couldn t ,
I keep recipes and can set up my iPad in the kitchen instead of my clunky , bigger laptop , I have a Tech Tips folder for help references related to my devices , a Yard and Garden folder that allows me access when I m out at the garden center and I can t recall how much mulch I need , it s at my fingertips on my phone .
Why annoy your users and waste good will for something that would be so easy ?
I can attach files such as outlines and entire manuscripts , and have them available on any of my devices without not_having to not_export , sync or otherwise transport .
This is a known issue that Evernote refuses to address apparently .
The mac version crashes more than i would like , but they fix it pretty quickly with an update .
\\n\\nKeep making it better , please .
I wish I could use different color fonts/highlights on the iPad app though .
Before anyone considers purchasing this app , I suggest that you do a google search first to consider the issue ( s ) by users on the evernote forums .
And , I have not not_been not_able to access any of my Evernote info for weeks .
They are , especially , having issues syncing pics .
This is a great tool for typing in but when you tell it to fix a word it will fix it but get rid of the space between it and the previous word so you have to go add it back in .
However , is there any functionality that would allow me to mark any of my notes as a task and push it to my task list ?
I might not have the not_need for that not_much note taking but I truly enjoy using Evernote and exploring all the features !
I did not not_give it not_5 stars because there are occasional UI issues when inputting text directly into a note , especially when using task boxes , and I d like to see other UI improvements .
I upgraded to the premium to get access to all docs off line , but it is not not_working as not_expected .
\\n\\nHowever , now my password expired and the link to reset my password that was sent to my email requires a current password , which is `` expired '' and registers as invalid .
If I can write email and have it synch later , or if the apps store now serves updates without a not_login , not_why waste my time ?
Covers everything I need it to do and the price is right !
The best parts are that it works across all my devices and will work offline once the data is transferred just once .
I would like to see more text formatting capabilities especially choosing font and size .
Therefore , I can refer to my documents where ever I happen to be , when I need the info .
\\nThis is one app I recommend for everyone .
I had originally made this app accessible to over a hundred employees , students , and clients , but to no not_possible not_positive outcome .
My clients can not not_listen to not_audio notes nor can they read any class notes available unless they are online .
But shortly after having it I got several errors about inability to sync .
I love how it has posteds that you can use with a pucture within it !
They need to improve text editing on the app .
I m always thinking and this is here for whenever I need to jot things down ,
Then when you need to retrieve information you have to remember your file folder hierarchy .
Evernote allows you to electronically store all forms of information whether you choose to put them into tags or notebooks or just leave them all unfiled ; The search feature is robust and will help you find what you re looking for very quickly .
If you take notes and work at a job you need this app .
\\n\\nThe flexibility it provides to capture and access information is amazing !
I enjoy most the wireless synchronization of my notes so I can use them wherever I go .
Also , I can use multiple folders for different topics .
\\n\\nIt also allows me to take notes adding photos of the documents handed out at the meetings so that I have everything in one place \\n\\nI travel all of the time so this is very helpful ,
You can actually run your life with it .
If you do not have and not_USE not_this free app on a regular basis , you are missing out on a genuine app gold mine .
\\n\\nI have no not_connection with not_Evernote in any way other than being extremely grateful that the app is available for my personal use .
App looked good but have had following difficulties : \\nunable to synch/connect with Evernote servers for days at a time\\nloss of information I typed in\\n\\nIt is a good idea , will look at it in another year can t afford to lose information .
Evernote is great for keeping all my thought processes in one place and organized the way I need them .
So incredibly useful everyone please upgrade to premium if you possibly can .
Evernote is so worth it , and we need to support this great app !
Still learning how to use it , but I have found it to be extremely convenient and useful .
Useless since that is my problem .
As they update it it gets worse .
I Love that you can take an entire article and store it in a notebook for reference , pictures and all !
DrMatthewDunn , The more i use Evernote the more I use Evernote and the less not_I not_forget , misplace , duplicate , fail to get value from and most of all the less not_I not_stress over personal info overload .
Now I just need to figure out how to work it on the iPad .
After a couple of weeks , You will wonder how you ever were able to live without it .
I can add my own pictures or images that I like from other sources .
My phone and laptop are password protected , so privacy is not an not_issue .
Some people need the visual division of each separate line .
I love that you can bold , underline , make checklists and use bullets , etc , keeps me very organized .
I have now been able to go paperless , have any information I need anytime/anywhere which has made me more organized and efficient both in my personal and professional life .
It took me a little bit to get used to the format and sometimes the system crashes for some reason , but my information is never not_lost and the not_positive impact outlays the occasional glitch .
It doesn t save it locally , or make any kind of effort to let me know it just threw away all my data .
But like any other tool , you need to use it well and consistently .
It also provides an easily searchable archive for notes to reduce the paper clutter in your pocket or in the filing cabinet .
I recommend this to any note taker .
It s got so much that the iPad Notes doesn t. You can sort your notes into folders , format the text , and it s all synched through my devices through the Evernote cloud .
The interface needs to be like the mac version , or at least we should have the option ! !
\\n\\nWhen I need info urgently or to take a note quickly it s usually when I have just my iPhone .
A place to put my random notes and make sense of it all when I need them .
I use this app everyday for any thoughts I need to write down or as a quick notepad and best of all it syncs to all my devices at once when I make notes ,
Accessible from desk top & amp ; mobile device , an interesting solution to keeping data available & amp ; organized .
I ve only been using it for 10 days or so , and already it s come in very handy for accessing information where and when I needed it !
I highly recommend searching for online video tutorials about the ap as there are some good ones that help explain the powerful little elephant called Evernote .
However , once I got the iPad 4 , I just found the Evernote to be so much better than the notepad .
You can easily format how you want your notes to look , in terms of letter colors , lists , or paragraphs .
Evernote has become my most used app ; using it to plan and organize everything .
I have used other apps in the past which crashed , lacked options or were not not_stable .
I like that I can add notes on whatever device I m using and they ll appear on all my devices .
Uhm ... it crashed and my notebook is gone along with over 100 notes .
I would like to see more editing functionality with cropping and rotating photos .
Wish there were easier options for sorting notes after they have been written , but I could be missing something .
If you have an iPad you need this app .
Great for cross platform users who need to store important information for later recall .
With so many different lists , ideas , plans , events , etc , in life Evernote provides a way to keep it all together ( but does even more than that ) .
One suggestion : just like when you have the option of adding an existing picture or taking a new one it would be nice to insert an existing recording .
Just , get it .
I recommend getting the paid verson .
I can t use something that isn t reliable .
I recommend this app to anyone !
I never not_thought not_this would be as useful as it is .
I hate how hard iris to put different notes into different notebooks , though !
\\nSure , I took a quick look and could see you could sync with the cloud , use tags , etc. , but I m one of those people who needs a significant bump in productivity .
\\nThe only 2 things I can think of that should be added are i ) ability to zoom when taking a photo , and ii ) add video to notes .
Quite often the sync with the server fails and it ends up uploading multiple copies if the same note .
This is very useful to keep your personal information in one place , it don t matter how many devices you have all you have to do is log in !
Great app , I highly recommend it .
I like the feature that lets you add check boxes and I like that you can change wether the font is italicized , bold , or underlined .
wish Evernote had the built in Task Management of an app like Easy To Do so I wouldn t have to use 2 apps .
Adding pictures is a great feature and web clips but I don t use the audio feature but I can see where it might be useful .
When that gets added this will be the most complete and by far the best .
I wish I can use every feature offline though ,
I d like to see more functions built into the app to make it more like the desktop application .
Nice that you can now create notebooks from the iPad app , but additional text formatting options such as font color , size , and adding the horizontal line would be great .
\\n\\nOne issue I ve see recur periodically is that , when editing a note sometimes the formatting toolbar doesn t show up until I have closed and reopened the note multiple times .
Once I figured out how many different things I could use it for , I wonder how I ve done without it .
Works for what I need ,
Just love it .
Guess I need to check out GoogleDocs .
Pros\\nOverall very smooth adding notes , notebooks , organizing notes\\nSyncing works excellent .
Keeps everything I need all in one place so I can access it anywhere .
This would allow users to choose which account to send the email from .
Also , would be nice to be able to track who I ve sent notes to .
Why do developers kill their own apps ?
\\n\\nPlus I read here many are having sync problems since the update .
\\n\\nupdate : I sure wish there was a way to lower a one star review .
\\n\\nNow search doesnt work at all , it just hangs the program .
\\nI am done , I am out , I am signing up for Keep after years with evernote , as soon as a developer ports it to IOs or creates a syncher I will uninstall the product .
I d love to be able to use bands of highlighting rather than just color the letters .
As a professional photographer and entertainment production consultant , I need to be fully functional while mobile .
\\n\\nI rated a 4 instead of a 5 only because Evernote needs to catch up with iOS functionality .
Just Google Evernote iOS web capture .
Check out TheSecretWeapon.org for ideas on how to set up your Evernote to stay organized .
The only issues I have had are of style not not_function .
Never had any problems .
Being able to take photos through the app and have it upload it to a note instantly where I can then add a description to share on the spot with collaborators is priceless .
The others keep crashing and delete your notes or get so fancy and hook up to facebook you can t figure out how to use .
It would be nice to have offline access to notebooks in the free version , but I can t really complain because it s free .
I highly recommend this app .
Now all of this information is literally at my fingertips and perfectly legible and they re available on every device I own updated continually .
At first this scared me a little , I thought to myself how does this thing know I m in a meeting in Cleveland ?
In fact , if I don t know the address of where I am , I just initiated a note and it tells me !
An idea , research topic , work call , grocery list , whatever I need to jot down and refer to later , I keep it in Evernote .
For the system to work , you have to trust it .
I m trust Evernote ; it s always where I need it to be and I can search my entire data base for just the word I need .
I just wish there was more info on how to take advantage of the many functions that I haven t discovered yet .
They need to get up to date with a tablet and Evernote\\n\\nPaperboy40 ,
It is great knowing I can add info in any computer and have it automatically sync on all computers .
\\n\\nI do wish I could download a backup file that could easily be used to replace the database if required , but other than that , I can t think of any improvements .
It ll just suddenly go to another note page and just lost at least two of me voice notes and I kind of need those .
Does everything I need and so much more .
I always get synchronization errors .
When it runs out of uploading space , instead of ask you if you want to buy more storage of wait until next month , it just crashes .
Frequently crashes and does not not_allow not_local storage of personal notes , which are automatically stored on painfully slow Evernote servers .
Hope you did not have not_anything not_sensitive in your notes !
This is a huge problem for me because as a chef , my recipes are my livelihood .
This time I m almost exclusively using it just for the notetaking capability .
I can then cut and paste directly into other documents that I need or corporate email .
I recommended Evernote to almost everyone I know .
Just get it .
I updated it and lost all of them .
It s easy to find the recipe I need .
I can add notes and photos .
Just download this app and let the love begin ,
\\n\\nHighly recommend this app and the service at large .
What really got me using it is a medical issue .
If I need to research a surgeon , well , start copying the information into the notebook .
All of the information is available on my Ipad , computer , blackberry .
How to use it isn t immediately obvious and for what purposes , so take your time and play with it .
Soon after , I deleted the other note taking apps and stared downloading the ecosystem of apps that support Evernote integration .
Because the app was great up until this point , I would have continued to use it as long as they reassured me this glitch had been fixed .
I use this app daily and recommend it to all my friends .
And what is even better is the fact that you can access all your notes when ever , where ever you are as long as you log on and synchronize .
You must download this app right meow .
Great note application , I just love the app , makes my life easy .
Everyone should have chance to keep a lot of things .
I keep everything in it and never have to not_search for not_information like kid s info , house details or business cards .
My only problem is the lack of sync with PDF editing programs like GoodReader or in app PDF editing .
Highly recommend it .
Problem with most note taking apps is that they aren t versatile enough to use all the time .
the mobile version is quirky and needs improvements .
The online version really needs better text and photo editing capability .
Since then , Evernote forgets my password ID combination about once a day .
I think the highlighting capability needs to be added , but other than that I think it s great !
\\n\\nthe iPhone and Mac/PC desktop versions of Evernote need to have OCR ( Optical Character Recognition ) that can be copied/pasted .
There seems to be so much you can use it for .
I recommend it to at least one person a week usually strangers at the grocery store !
\\nMy only quibble is it crashes sometimes when it is sharing a new note across devices .
It s good about opening back up right where it crashed , but it s still a hassle .
I would use Word for home notes , but I prefer the way Evernote easily organizes the notes .
I have never not_had not_any problems sending notes via email in fact , they are received instantly .
I needed an app that I could sync across my iPad , iPhone , work laptop and home laptop .
My company is strict about the apps they allow on the laptop so the web based option is a perfect solution .
This was the App I was looking for to organize my life .
Sometimes I forget the voice record on and I can t cut the time I record nothing without not_deleting not_everything .
And if we could use it whenever we want , after recording any time .
Also the ability to access from my PC , my I pad and my phone allows me to access it all from wherever I am , whenever I need it .
If I could only have one app on my iPhone & amp ; iPad , it would be Evernote .
It still needs some editing and organizing tools that the online/desktop has .
PLUS , you now have to change your password every so often which I do not not_want to not_be forced to do .
\\n\\nThe search function needs to improve as it often won t pick up things .
I d suggest organizing your notes by titling them their date then it s clear what you re looking for .
Do not not_hesitate .
Get the web clipper ( and do a web search for how to install it on your iPhone ) .
My only gripe is that currently you can not not_nest not_folders inside folders .
Evernote is an app that needs to be used all the time to be appreciated .
Does everything I need it to especially for writing in journals .
Notes feature is great but strange that i have to log into account to delete old notes and can not not_do that with a not_single swipe in the app itself .
Each note becomes like a separate entity that you then can attach other things to , such as locations , photos , etc .
I sometimes try to go back to paper notes and it just doesn t work because I won t have paper or pen some time when I need it , but I always have my phone on me !
I love how you can easily organize notes , and even search texts in pictures ,
\\n\\nMy only issue is that I feel there could be a more intuitive way to easily organize notes into notebooks .
It works but it needs font control .
I haven t read the GTD book , but have implemented the `` secret weapon '' tags somewhat successfully and added one for `` quick things '' that I can do in less not_than not_5 minutes .
That s all that needs to be said .
So far , it does everything I need !
Commit to Evernote and it will work for you .
I am self employed , and therefore need to be on top of my job at all times .
I m now regaining some confidence that what I m doing is right !
If there is a problem , they will fix it .
I would love to use at least some of these , but they cost too much for the casual user .
I get that they need to monetize their business , but I think they need a price point somewhere between free and where they are now to get me in .
I would suggest perhaps a less not_robust not_feature set and charge a one time fee for the app , leaving the remainder of the premium services to the power users .
OneNote just stores the file so it is one click to open it .
\\n\\n Why did EverNote create its own font color change panel ?
Strangely , EverNote has defied typical convention for font color changes adding additional clicks and mouse movement .
Whereas in most applications you choose a color and then you can use it by one clicking the font color change icon EverNote makes it two clicks and forces mouse movement .
The panel then opens somewhere on the page unattached to the color change item then you must click on that panel to change the color .
To be able to stay in touch , make changes to notes and documents its amazing how useful this has become to my whole life .
Evernote does all that I expect and more , and is my go to solution for personal and business notes .
\\n\\nIt would be nice if one could set alerts for To Do s based on notes taken .
Principal problem with this app is that it does not not_allow not_conversion of notes to PDF .
You need this ! !
Also it would be nice if the web , Mac , Win , ipad version all offered the same highlighting/formatting options .
I must be missing something .
When I looked at their forum , others have been having this problem for months .
My advice just give it a try you will not not_be not_disappointed .
can t function without it not_best not_app EVER ! !
To get the most use out of it , you need to use it for everything work , family , travel , etc . ,
I tried Evernote because a couple folks recommended it .
\\n\\nThere seems to be quite a cult growing around this app but I wish they would stop adding ancillary apps and JUST MAKE THE BASIC EVERNOTE APP WORK ! ! !
It could use some improvements ,
They finally added formatting for iOS platforms , however it s super buggy still .
Gave horrible instructions and 2 days later provided an entire app update with no not_acknowledgement that not_this had ever happened .
Yet effective and always there when you need it .
If you need to keep notes for sales , keep a journal or just keep your recipes handy this app does the trick .
\\n\\nIf it crashes on you UPDATE YOUR iOS , or buy a better iPad .
I have some photos on there I can t retrieve now .
\\nMy only downside to evernote is that I have not not_figured not_out how to print a note with a reasonable layout .
I also had an issue where I did something wrong ended up with over ten copies of the same large PDF , and was in syncing hell for a few days which used up a lot of my monthly bandwidth .
\\n\\nI love Evernote , I recommend it , lived on the free version for a number of years , but upgraded , just because , I love it so much , now I love premium even more !
Overall , I appreciate this tool , it s ability to share with friends , family , and any others that need access to my created notebooks .
It is a versatile tool which ups updates all my devices .
It is a versatile tool which updates all my devices .
Anyways , love it and how easily I can access all my notes everywhere but it needs a quick note option to be 5 stars .
Downloaded it while it did not not_crash .
Now it crashes when I open it .
I use this for everything from school to notes on places I plan to travel to , to itineraries and plans for my birthday party , to lists of things I need to do and things I need to buy .
Not related to the forced password change , I already updated my password on the iPad .
\\n\\nYou can t create content in it without not_loosing your not_mind .
It would be nice if you could export a file to pages from the iPad app .
Love the photo uses but would like to see more lockout or encryption options for the iOS .
App crashes every time I try to take a picture with the digital note setting .
New version got synchronization problem , is time to try other note app now ?
It crashes more than I like .
Please fix I have been showing everyone this AP ! !
Haven t had any sync problems and I am a big fan of the app .
What happened to the tools ?
How do you access your account to make changes ?
The tutorial is so small ( about 2 '' x3 '' ) that you can t see anything maybe great for an iPhone , but not not_so not_great for iPad or anything else .
I highly recommend it !
This program only needs to do one thing really well not not_lose not_notes .
This app needs added features too .
I would be fine if they got rid of the online portion of the app all together , but instead , they require it !
I lost a weeks worth of class notes , can t even open the program without it not_crashing not_unless I m connected to wifi , and a complete notebook just disappeared after the password reset .
It keeps saying I m not not_connected to the not_Internet so I need to upgrade to premium .
_ ; \\nEvernote , please return to the good old days when you were simple and unpretentious so I can once again brag about your effectiveness and geniusness to all .
On the very same network , my iPad ( 4 , 128 GB ) just has the sync icon spinning endlessly .
Thought this was going to be a great solution , but it has turned into an unmitigated disaster .
The only thing I dislike is not not_being not_able to access your notes offline unless you pay .
I think people should only have to pay for special features .
Though I haven t had trouble logging in since the password reset , `` synchronization failed '' pops up every time I open the app or try to save , and it tells me there are conflicting modifications EVERY time I save something .
However you have to know how to use it .
Now with version 5 if you want to save a note and keeping typing , you have to close a note , wait for it to sync , and then open it again .
Everyone should have an Evernote account .
There have been bumps in the road with this app and it crashes on occassion but overall it has been fantastic !
s complaining about , 4 , Joiala , I ve been using Evernote steadily for nearly five months now , and not not_once have not_I had an issue .
Yes , the password reset was a minor inconvenience , but I didn t lose any of my notes from that day , nor have I ever had any issues with not not_having not_notebooks .
And there is no way to not_check the not_history of updates for any record , too .
Only flaw is that you can t use handwriting : ( ,
\\nVera Caldwell\\n\\nIt is much too difficult to sign in , and the idea of having to sign in every week is an unnecessary nuisance .
When I had to go mobile I had very little time in my own office , and I found myself using any computer available .
I d like to be able to color pages also , and is there a text highlighter ?
And what do I do with a voice memo ?
I need multiple tag and notebook layers for the sorts .
When I m reading or researching , I clip web pages and save them easily to go back and read what I need to later .
So I don t know why people are saying those features aren t available .
\\nNothing is ever perfect , and there are certainly features I d like to see added ( line spacing formatting available , highlighting without not_multiple not_steps , a favorites/bookmarks tab that syncs with the bookmarks on the desktop version , etc ) .
I recently discovered that you can even use siri to dictate notes directly into Evernote , which is pretty cool .
It now requires a password , which I don t have , and the reset page goes nowhere .
It s too bad some people are having problems now , but I think it s better than the alternative , don t you ?
There are only two issues : the first is that it s still rather slow , and the other is that you can t sort by nearly the variety of things that you can on the desktop .
I had to update my app , and it erased my account .
Ipad app constantly crashes when there is a conflict that needs to be synced .
A responsive developer who values users , date and time stamp in notes , text expander support and note encryption .
You having security problem so all of your customers have to reset password .
Please fix these issues !
Evernote should be dubbed Greedynote .
UPDATE \\n\\nThe app is much better .
How can there be no not_folders not_?
It s as though I had an organized filing cabinet at home , but when I went to take my files with me , I just dumped out the drawers into a large bag and slung it over my shoulder .
\\n\\nI need a much better way to keep my files and thoughts with me than a bag of loose notes collected over several years .
Absolutely horrible\\nI have midterms and due to the `` password reset '' I am Locked out of my account and have lost ALL OF MY NOTES for this school semester \\n\\nCan t recommend this to anyone .
Evernote crashes immediately after opening on iPad Mini .
Makes my life more organized in numerous ways I can t even describe .
Why isn t it recognizing my email ?
Says failed to send every time .
Despite a `` contact us '' icon on their website , there is no not_actual not_way to contact customer or technical support and no way to not_retrieve my not_information .
What is up , evernote ? ?
It should have more options to organize your notes .
I can t wait for two factor auth , tho .
\\n\\nI just noticed all the low review scores and felt I needed to provide some balance .
If I need to remember something , it s a note with Evernote !
I love that you can also do bullet points , or you can number automatically .
and this is my main gripe ; they had somehow reset my settings so that neither of my notes were available offline when I needed them !
I figured out how to fix that .
I was able to reset my password and I have all my notes but this revision just sits out in the App Store telling you that an app update is available but when it tries to install a message appears stating that the server is unavailable .
Do not not_download not_this trash !
Why do I have a new update every three days and have to change my password ?
Evernote I think we should break up .
How about a refund , or another few months of FREE subscription time ?
After being forced to reset the password , all of my recent notes are MISSING .
I am with everyone else here , evernote needs to get there act together and fix the problem .
I had issues with Evernote force closing upon opening the app after the recent update , but after uninstalling , reinstalling , and logging back in , I was able to access all of my notes without not_any not_issues .
I took tons of notes in my iPad app this evening , log into my phone Evernote app to look them over and it wants me to update my password .
After the disaster of the great password reset of 13 , then the version that would crash on start up we now have the version that when entering a correct password won t let you into your own account saying you have tried to many times .
When I updated the app , it wouldn t let me access my account until I reset my password .
just get the app and use it for a while .
I made the mistake of not not_updating my not_email and now that they want a password I can t get one so have lost all my data all my notes everything .
I sign in , go to a notebook , try to add to notes and the app crashes every time .
How can I trust a company that doesn t have open communication with the public ?
Now it wants me to log in but my previous login info does not not_work .
I love this app on my phone and web , but the iPad app continues to crash constantly .
But please , if you need some money to pay a development team , just let us know and give us some extra features for an in app purchase I would totally do that .
I logged in with my new password and ALL of my files are missing !
Now it flashes and crashes .
\\n\\nA # MustHave for organizing travel plans , prepping for meetings , or just having info at you finger tips .
I was so shocked I never not_added the not_notes from the message currently listening to .
I can t log into my account , and Evernote won t send me the email to reset the password .
\\nI need my old notes back ! ! ! !
Also , when trying to screen up or down with your finger ( no not_bluethooth not_keyboard involved ) , the screen seems to refuse to continue rolling so you have to go up and down until evernote accepts to roll down .
This problem is at fault of the irresponsibility of the company and was ( and COULD HAVE BEEN ) 100 % preventable .
Used to be a great app and I can still use it on my PC , but every time I open it it crashes .
I can t log into my Evernote .
As other posters , I need my notes for work and this is not not_good at not_all !
Why after 7 months of using this app with offline access , do I suddenly need to upgrade to access my notes offline ?
Please fix the screwup !
Why can t these sites just quit being my parent and let me decide ?
This app used to be great and work great , but recently it will not not_load my not_notes onto my phone , it just consistently crashes .
This revision crash whenever I open .
I m not not_sure not_if they will fix this bug but I can tell you I now have zero confidence in their service and will no longer not_be not_using it .
I can forget notes on my own .
Don t need an app for that !
Who needs security on their to do lists .
For instance when I need a PO number I can t find or to know how much I payed for something I just type in a few key words and BAM !
The trick to Evernote iOS releases is that you should check reviews before upgrading , particularly if you have a version that works .
\\n\\n5.2.0 Plain did not not_work\\n5.2.1 not_Worked\\n5.2.2 Did not not_work not_until I uninstalled it and re installed it ( necessitating a full sync ) \\n\\nThat said , 5.2 is a decent build .
I can not not_use it for not_taking notes on my iPad 3 .
Desktop , iPhone , tablet , web app ... very nice to have a lot of what I need in one place regardless of how I access it .
\\n\\nMultiple times ... \\n\\nDefinitely a major bug ... please fix ASAP .
The app tells me I need to create a new password and when I do it stays logged in for about 30 seconds before logging me back out .
The latest update seems to have fixed most issues for me .
Started using it a few weeks ago and just as I was starting to see a point to this comes an involuntary password reset and app updates across all platforms .
Is there a way to restart it ?
The Evernote icon is missing from the iPhone , too , So I can t open it .
\\n\\nI no longer not_needed to not_be premium .
\\n\\nA few months later I needed to access my information , urgently !
I m talking about being able to download that important document you need for a presentation or a job or whatever .
It s your stuff , you should have re ability to access it whenever you want and not not_held not_hostage against a ransom .
It crashes and closes more than ever before .
Just doing something like viewing notebook titles crashes my iPads all the time .
They made me create a stupid account and I lost all of my papers !
Do not not_get not_this app !
I don t need this aggravation .
The old version is already great but when I already updated it to the newest version , I was asked to reset my password because I can t access my old notes .
I need a recovery as soon as possible .
I can t study anything anymore because my notes are there and I trusted too much to this APP .
New version requires a password reset , after which it requires signing back in and then does not not_recognize the not_new password .
So can t unequivocally recommend this fix to anyone who doesn t have backup .
First , this is a very useful app , until very recently changes made real improvements .
But , why a company would release versions that require the app to be completely removed and reloaded to prevent crashes , and then create a series of password failures is beyond me .
Now I don t know when docs will sync , and sometimes I can t open them offline , which I guess is supposed to make me want to upgrade to Pro ?
Bigfish09 , Piece of crap app that was cool for a minute then it saves hundreds of hours of notes you have made then kicks you off the app and will never not_recognize your not_account !
Why are you playing around with your software and releasing the buggy versions one after another and putting us in problems ?
This 5.2.2 put me in the password reset problem instead and I am not not_able to not_login now plus the data is gone and would need a full note by note sync again ( quite an effort , sort this out too ) .
Don t know if I need to do the same again .
Password is correct on site and app , the app just keeps force logging me out while I m using it .
Current app update doesn t support Feedler Pro .
I too had some problems changing sort views today , but that seems to have worked itself out .
But this app just hasn t been working well since December .
Now it crashes constantly and has an unrelated security flaw that the team did NOT do a good job announcing .
\\n\\nPrev review : \\n Goes longer before crashing now \\nThe app no longer not_crashes on not_open , yes !
The app `` upgrade '' notice made no not_mention of the not_removal of those features , or I would have avoided the `` upgrade . ''
\\n\\nThat alone was frustrating enough , but to make things worse , this version of the app consistently deletes the first several words I type in every new note I create on the iPhone .
Please fix ASAP , and I will change my rating back to 5 star .
I never not_had not_any problems .
2 days of Hell but you guys managed to fix many of the issues with V5.2.2 .
It now requires me to log in to the web in order access my notes , which makes it useless when I m traveling unless I have at least 3G ( which I don t ) .
And why would I want to keep the main copies of my notes on the Internet ?
I downloaded the update and my system crashed !
Recent upgrade fails to recognize PW to login from iPhone ,
I had lots of notes and just updated this app , and erased ALL of them .
I just lost so much data .
Please fix this ! !
First app keeps crashing during opening , now I can t even log in with my credentials ?
While attempting to sort ( any sort type ) a shared notebook ( in list and grid view ) the app crashes .
Then , when I select either `` Title '' , which is how I REALLY WANT to organize my notes , in alphabetical order , or I select `` Created , '' , the App immediately crashes and closes .
I can t effectively use my notes ... it s too much of a hassle to try to look in each month for a note created , and even each month is not in not_alphabetical not_order .
I just downloaded this app this morning and I just read where almost 50 million passwords were hacked .
Please fix this ! ! !
Please fix this crashing problem !
Crash , crash , crash !
When I view my notes ( just tap the option ) Created Or Title , My Evernote crashes & amp ; exits the app .
Paz Update the App so it doesn t crash when using that option .
After the latest update though there are major problems with the app .
I requested a password reset ( even though I m sure I was entering the correct one ) but I haven t received it yet .
Please fix this problem asap .
ipad app has not not_worked for not_several versions .
However , with the latest update if I choose to sort my notes by title , the whole app crashes .
They need to fix this bug .
\\n\\nI ve used EN for years , and love the iPhone version , but 4.0 has real problem crashing .
\\n\\nUpdate 03 02 2013 : After fixing App crash issues , I am unable to login to my Evernote account at all .
\\n\\nBottom line , this trouble just isn t worth the functionality for me .
Both ipad and iPhone version crash .
Do not not_use not_this ap .
Now it crashes every time I sort .
Please fix ASAP .
Evernote team , I know you re working on this but I hope you have a fix soon !
Now crashes all the time .
It crashes EVERY time I try to sort by `` Title '' within a Notebook .
App crashes as soon as you try to open it .
Normally Evernote is rock solid but the latest version crashes when I try to sort notes by date created .
I need this app to be reliable again !
I just downloaded the new update and thank you for addressing the crashing issue so quickly !
I usually just use it to record , but I really like that I can then hear it on my phone , iPad , or computer .
\\n\\nUpdate : was improving , but newest version crashes continually and can t be used .
This has fixed most problems , but still crashes when sorting on note title .
Had to reload all data , which was not a not_problem for my not_relatively small number of notes , but may be for those with large note databases .
\\n\\nUpdate 3/2/13 : newest update 5.2.1 installed .
Still crashes every time when attempting to sort notes by title on iPad , but now also crashes when attempting to perform any other sort .
Crash fixed ! !
Please fix this issue .
Latest update crashes on iPhone upon opening .
It crashes when I try to resort .
All they do is crash .
Nothing but sync crashes and sort crashes .
How can you put out an update that crashes upon opening ?
Been crashing on occasion since last update and now they update it to fix it but guess what ?
It crashes on startup now !
Yanivdll , App is still crashing .
Hit any of the top tabs and this app crashes every time .
It was great while it worked , but on my iPhone it now crashes consistently and instantly ever since the `` upgrade '' , so that I no longer have not_access to not_all the databases I keep in Evernote .
So yeah , they rolled out an update that crashed immediately ; however , they fixed it the same day .
Every time I change sorting , it crashed .
But now it crashes if you select `` Created '' or `` Title '' for the viewing mode .
This version crashes with iPad2 .
Please fix ASAP !
I have installed and deleted it twice and it still crashes on opening every time .
Unfortunately , it has been crashing everytime I try to open it .
Please fix this issue .
I need this app .
However , when you have nearly 500mb of notes and need them all in your device , it can take hours to re download .
Also , app developers should have some special open communication channel with their users when major app changes like this are due to happen .
You guys need to fix this now !
Please fix this ! ! !
Love it..just fix this latest update ! ! ! !
The latest update crashes when it opens ... please fix ASAP , so I can give you back your 5 star review ! !
Evernote I love you , but the new version crashes in seconds on opening in iPad .
jonbruck , The latest version has a bug , and will crash when you try to change the note sorting .
This is a huge problem I use this ipad app daily for work and am paralyzed without it .
It crashes upon opening !
You can use Evernote for yours , amassing a huge collection of information , and never not_pay for the not_service .
The service is so useful , I believe it should come pre installed on all devices .
`` Thank you '' Evernote Team to screw me up all these days with all my data unreachable from my ipad just because you released an `` amazing '' update without even not_CHECK it not_before on a device .
How is it possible this happening with a supposedly first line professional team ?
New version crashes on my iPad immediately on startup .
The newest version crashed on start up on my iPhone ios 6.1\\nFixxxxx it now .
iPhone 4S with new update crashes when open app .
Can not not_open not_app , it crashes within seconds .
This app crashes too much .
Another BIG problem is synchronization failures .
Xantar , What on earth did you do with this latest update ?
As you can see from other reviews , the app crashes immediately upon opening .
New update crashing per what s new ; I uninstalled reinstalled , app now opens ; but , crashes when sorting entries in notebook .
\\n\\nIt s frustrating that Evernote still has so many issues with text notes .
This app is crashing at startup EVERY time .
Sadly , though , the latest update now has it CRASHING at startup , which is really unfortunate in my current class .
It crashes every time I try and open it .
This update made the app ( which I use hourly in my business ) completely unuseable . . . Please fix !
The latest update makes it unusable as it crashes on startup .
B . . . . , Both iPhone and iPad versions are crashing on opening .
Tries to open , then crashes .
Please fix ASAP : ( ,
Normally love love love it but currently it crashes everytime I try to open it on my phone and apparently didn t synch the last I used it and if so I lost very important information so normally love but currently I m very upset !
\\n\\nThere is no not_font not_control , editing is random and buggy , slow as molasses , and unreliable when you take time to write a paragraph , you want 100 % confidence EverNote will not not_crash not_midway , or you get Synchronization Fail and thus lose your work .
I can t write with the confidence that EverNote will not not_crash , not_but HEY , I can take a picture of my pancakes and keep it for posterity .
This added feature makes evernote the # 1 note taking app .
Love this app ... last update just crash on startp on iPhone and iPad .
Please don t make me switch apps permanently .
Sort fails on iPhone and iPad after latest update .
New version does not not_work not_NEARLY as well .
Please roll out an update to fix the bugs .
I used to use this app almost every single day , but now that I updated it on my iPhone 4 , it crashes on startup .
New version crashes .
The new update is unacceptable , because it crashes every time I try to open my notes .
This needs to be fixed immediately .
Since the last update , it crashes when trying to load !
Great app but last version needs an urgent fix due to constant crashes .
Evernote has been a been a terrific way to take notes at meetings , but now it crashes every time I launch it .
Please fix this !
Use this app everyday but now since update it crashes every time on start up .
when i choose sourt by name or other , it always crash on my iphone 4s 6.1.1\\nand the app of clipbook can t link to evernote now since i update .
Please fix it !
This is a 5 star up please please fix still crashing ! !
\\nStill love his app but latest update with snippets is crashing sorted snippets alphabetically can t resort on date created app crashes ,
sarafabiana , I can t open Evernote after update ! ! !
It s crashed every time I try to open it since your `` update . ''
I updated the app on my iPhone and iPad last night .
The latest update crashed for me too .
It crashes every time on boot up with my iPad 2 .
After updated in my iPhone with iOS 6.1.2 , it crashes every time .
Please fix it .
Yes , I had to uninstall and then reinstall the app after this last update , but as the developers are stating , they are aware of the problem and are working on a fix .
Mr Serr\xcc\xa3o , After download the updated version I can t open it anymore due to its constantly crashes .
Please fix it ASAP .
After latest update the app immediately crashes .
Tons of potential , but stability problems just kill the user experience .
Just update n can not not_access in my not_ipad 2 ! ?
Where was QC on this release ?
I updated mine last night and now it won t open !
The latest version is crashing like crazy on my 4S .
\\n\\nUnfortunately , The recent upgrade seems to cause it to constantly crash .
Updated Evernote app this morning and now it won t open and crashes each time .
\\nLove using it on my Mac iPhone app just needs a few improvements .
stt3 , My least favorite part about the new version is that it crashes when it opens .
My favorite part about the new version is that it crashes when it opens .
Please fix it is one of my fav apps .
Currently crashes on startup .
Never had a problem until the latest update .
It s just not not_working , not_can t even open the app !
Updated my app this evening and then could no longer not_access not_critical info from app on iPhone because it immediately crashes every time I open it .
Just installed update and it s unusable now because it crashes 100 % of the time upon startup .
Warning , latest version crashes even after quitting app and hard reset .
The new update crashes the app upon launch .
I use it for everything and now it is crashing every time I try to open it .
After the last update , the app crashes when I open it .
How ya gon na fix that ?
Tap to open only reveals splash screen for a second and then crashes .
This is the 2nd time today I have had to delete the program from my ipad and redownload it , because after it crashes , there is no way to not_get it not_back !
After iPad and iPhone update Evernote crashes at startup .
Not open now since I update it .
It crashed upon startup on both my iPad and iPhone .
I enjoy using this app , but the current version ( February 2013 ) fails to load .
It seems that they are trying to fix some bugs in the software .
What happened boys ?
..update to February 28 2013 did app update and it crashes with sort..surprised its released without not_testing/quality not_control .
Please send a correction so that changing sort option first boot you off the app .
Coonerwilldoit , App now immediately crashes due to user error .
I should have known better since every Evernote updatevhas made the app progressively worse , Eversince the UI s look and feel we re overhauled .
Please don t let a good app become Everbroke instead of the app we liked just fine to start w/ Evernote .
It crashes as soon as I launch it .
No doubt the developers are working on a fix but as much as I love Evernote on OSX , the iPad version has always been glitchy .
Maybe Evernote is too powerful to load on iPad but this version does not not_work at not_all ! !
\\nIf you re lucky enough to have an older version , WAIT to update\\n\\nI am an app junkie .
Digital paperwork is fine in theory but how do you find them again ?
And speaking of filing receipts , if you need Evernote for that , be sure to check out `` filemyfetch.com '' .
I run my life off Evernote , so when they push a release out of the app that crashes on launch , you d think someone would have checked on that before releasing the update .
Evernote crashes as soon as it starts .
It used to be such a wonderful & amp ; reliable program , but now it s just not not_working not_? ! ?
John Sinues , Latest update fails to open on iPod touch .
I just updated my iPad with the new Evernote update and now the app is crashing when opening .
Just updated and now it crashes every time upon launch on my iPhone 4 .
Love it , miss it , need it !
I downloaded the new update and now the app crashes as soon as it opens .
I usually love this app but why on earth would one release an update that makes the application crash when starting ?
Updated today , app just crashes every time ,
LSF33 , Just updated to latest version and now it crashes when I try to launch the app .
Never had this problem before ,
Sad Reviewer With Unusable App , This app will not not_open at not_all on the iPhone since being updated .
please update the update ... does me no not_good not_if i cant open the app .
Updated to the latest version ( Evernote for iPad via App Store ) and now it crashes on launch EVERY time .
Latest version is crashing on iPhone .
WyoPokesFan98 , I just updated it on my iPhone 4 now it won t open .
Please fix ASAP !
I had the same problem on my iphone and iPad .
Update makes it crash .
Somebody please fix this ! ! !
\\n\\nAs to those complaining of crashing , I updated my iPhone and iPad and the iPad went fine .
\\n\\nIt isn t perfect though , and it doesn t support all desktop features .
I updated my evernote and now it don t open I wish I never not_updated not_when will you fix the glitch or how can I get it to open ,
I updated to the most current version , now Evernote crashes every time I open it ,
Program now consistently crashes upon loading .
I just updated the app today and now it crashes every time I open it ! !
WHAT HAPPENED ?
I need access now ! !
Please fix this ! ! !
App will not not_open , not_crashes every time after update .
please fix it !
Just crashes .
I don t know if this most recent update is good or not not_because the not_app crashes every time I try to use it .
And I m a premium customer so I m paying for an app I can t even use !
Just updated and now Evernote crashes and won t open .
MikeMikeyMike , This update crashes upon launch on both my iPad and iPhone .
Keeps crashing and I can t get it to open !
I just installed update on iPhone 4S , now app won t open .
I really like this app , but ladies and gentleman this is not the not_best not_update unless you intended to introduce an instant crash feature .
Put on a pot of coffee and call in the programmers this needs to get fixed PRONTO !
I too updated this App , as suggested in the updates , and now mine will not not_open on the not_iPad .
Please fix this ASAP .
Please fix ASAP .
Can t open ... and it s keeping me from being fully productive ,
This version crashes on startup .
Latest update consistently crashes while opening .
The app crashes upon opening on my iPad with the update to 5.2 .
EFS2206 , Today s update crashes upon startup .
Just updated the app today and now it doesn t open .
Just updated on my iPhones and ipad now ipad app just crashes every time I try to open it .
I had same problem with crashing that others describe on the iPhone deleting the app and reinstalling from App Store fixed the problem .
I can not not_create a not_notebook in a readily existing notebook nor move a notebook in a note book .
Most recent update crashes every time it s opened .
I need to access my files .
Have many documents I need to access daily on here !
Please fix or tell me how to make it work .
I updated the app today , now it will not not_open .
\\nUpdate : For those experiencing this issue , deleting and reinstalling the app seems to have resolved the issue .
I can now use the app without not_crashing .
NEW UPDATE CRASHES ON IPHONE 4S ,
please fix it !
I use this app for everything and I really need it ,
Looks like you ll have me as a premium subscriber for some time .
Tamidetx , I updated this app and now it crashes as soon as it opens !
Please fix this !
please fix it .
Just updated , now Evernote crashes on opening .
WW PJ , Was a five star app until I updated .
Now it crashes upon opening .
Please fix this ! !
Just updated Evernote and it s crashing .
Please fix it .
How on earth did this get through testing ?
Updated iPad and iPhone , crashed both this has happened before I m so sick of this ,
The update continually crashes .
App itself gets 5 stars ( I love it and use it constantly ) but this update makes it crash every time I open it .
What happened ?
The new version is crashing on my iPad .
Latest update crashes on opening on iPhone 5 before the password screen .
I love this app , but I just updated it on two iOS devices and now it opens then immediately closes .
I NEED THIS APP TO WORK !
App now crashes every time it is launched !
App is crashing after the update !
Please fix it , this app is used for my school work ,
Please fix ASAP .
Latest version crashes immediately after loading on iPad 1 .
However , I updated the app today ( 2/28/13 ) and now it constantly crashes on launch .
Love Evernote , but this version crashes my iPad .
Please fix it quickly , as I rely on Evernote extensively .
After installing last update I can t open application any more .
Latest update just crashes .
Just updated this app and it fails to open .
RFson , Upgraded to latest version 5.2 , 2/28/2013 on iPad 2 and it crashes upon open !
App crashes on the iPad at startup after the update is installed .
Every time I try to start , it just crashes .
I had to uninstall and reinstall when I tried to update to 5.2 .
This was annoying but seems to have fixed the crash issue I was experiencing when I originally updated .
New update crashes .
Just updated and it is crashing on launch on both my iPhone and iPad .
My app crashes on load .
Latest update crashes at loading on iPad 2 with current iOS version .
Following today s update its crashing on startup 4S .
Reinstalled now works but crash on sort by title .
The new update crashes as soon as I open it .
I made that mistake and now Evernote tries to open and immediately crashes .
it crashes when I choose recently updated tab ,
Just applied the latest update and now the app crashes when it starts and is completely unusable .
Since the update today , it won t open and crashes .
Never had a problem before .
After the last update it crashes .
Alex5728292 , App crashes at start after last update ,
I ve just updated to the new 5.2 version , and I can t open the app anymore !
Kurth003 , I just downloaded the update to 5.2 , & amp ; it now it not not_open on my not_iPad v.3 .
When I go to launch it the app crashes as soon as it opens on my iPad 3 .
I need to use it now .
The latest version pushed out from the App Store crashes on startup .
Just installed the update and now this app is crashing on startup .
I don t need a crappy snippet if it s going to make the app crash EVERY TIME .
Love the app but it is crashing since the update every time I open it .
Launch it and it crash right away I ve been using this app for a while but this latest version needs to be fixed asap .
I updated Evernote on my iPad and now it wont open !
Consistent updates and it never not_crashes .
Ipad crashes .
The way it updates it self is great !
When I synched my Evernote to get my work available for use on another device , for some reason it just synched the note with the blank document before I had spent hours during one of my busiest weeks in grad school filling it out .
Contacted customer support , who informed me that they had problems doing that if its downloaded directly on an iPad .
Anyway , followed their instructions on how to fix the problem , still didn t work .
Look , maybe I m not not_getting it , not_but I know I ve NEVER had an issue creating a simple user name .
Clearly they need to fix this .
It supports word files , open office files , and PowerPoint slides .
As a college student I ve found there is no not_piece of not_information I can t capture with this app .
Find a way to make the interface for hand writing more friendly as this is a significant issue for those of us that spend a lot of time writing by hand still .
Now when i go to email a note i get errors and out of sync .
I have long wanted to use Evernote but the primary thing that prevents me is I m uncomfortable with the security that is currently available to the user .
\\n\\nThere needs to be a service wide encryption in place , if I am uploading from a phone , it s encrypted before its uploaded to the Evernote servers .
I can decrypt on the ipad but I can t encrypt .
Why can t there always be a search bar at the top ?
It seems like I have to tap in several places before I can edit the note .
I m older and don t know how to access all the possibilities .
Can t seem to discover how to determine level of my iPad or how to upgrade to make use of improvements .
Post your http link into your calendar / agenda when making appointments or reminders ! !
What is this crap put it back to the way it was originally since the major update the new look is just awful and super laggy just put it back to the way it was or at least give an option for a classic style or something jeez ,
It s crashing repeatedly on iPhone I can t open it or use it , and I can t even send a crash report ,
The only thing I would suggest is for there to be a better and more efficient way to organize your notes .
Also if Evernote allowed users to create folders to place notes on similar topics or subjects I think that would be a huge plus , especially for people like me who need organization .
Loved it now hate it crashes constantly , wish I had never not_clipped not_so many web pages which I can t access now without it not_crashing !
I use the app every day but I would make my review a five star if I could have a undo button in the GUI because I accidentally deleted my notes and failed a test 2 days later that was open note .
It is so laggy I tapped the note three times and when it finally did something it had selected all and pasted in something else I lost everything in the note and there is no way to not_get it not_back because of its auto save and unless you have their precious premium to get offline access there was no way to not_get on not_another device and save before it copied over so I lost everything in the note .
The main problem I have now is with the app crashing while using the voice recorder .
Unlike text , these recordings are lost when it crashes .
Please allow for changing fonts , colors , alignment , etc.\\n\\nAlthough my troubleshooting is not not_extensive , the not_app seems to crash when I am trying to record audio while the app is trying to synchronize another audio file or large note .
The app seems to crash when I m recording and simultaneously get a `` can not not_synchronize not_'' error .
However , the iPad app needs some work .
Sometimes it just crashes instead .
Please , please fix the typing .
\\nAlso , the sync across devices needs work .
I love Evernote , please make it work right !
It even crashed as I was working .
Since the purpose of a to do list is to NOT forget things , to not not_be not_able to rely on correct syncing simply makes this unusable .
If I wanted an app to type notes in I d just use notes .
I request a way to move a note to a different notebook , but maybe Im missing obvious steps .
Does almost everything I need , and what it is unable to do PDF max covers .
Now that it is paid I and I don t use it I am having trouble finding how to turn it off .
I will email ITUNES as well and suggest it be removed from my account .
The Evernote team needs to step back , implement a functional user interface for its mobile apps , and focus on optimizing the apps for speed .
I have been using this app since August and have yet to have an issue .
Just cut those lousy animation effects , it would be 5 stars ,
Everytime , I request password reset on the email verifications page , it keeps sending me back to iTunes app store .
On what portion of this page would it allow me to retrieve my pw ?
I will not not_buy a not_thing from you guys , especially a PDF reader that merely requires rudimentary coding ,
Why not to not_introduce not_handwriting\\nBut with the same efficiency as penultimate , also some crash problems should be solved \\nBut all in all , it s amazing product\\nIpad version need to be faster and more fluent ,
\\n Crashes a lot too , losing work .
Evernote is missing several obvious features .
Why can t I just record notes on my iPad locally ?
\\n\\nI ve also had some UI problems , where I guess it starts to sync while I m typing and jumps the screen around to the point I can t see what I m typing .
\\n\\nI think if you only use this on one , maybe two devices , it will work fine .
Cut and paste is slow and adding tags is tedious .
I wish there were a better way to add notes while surfing on the iPad .
Love Evernote , love the ubiquity so I can use it on any device , but suddenly it won t open on my iPad .
This is an excellent app for note taking , the only reason I m giving it 4 instead of 5 stars is that it has been crashing lately .
On iPad , keeps telling me synchronization failed for a note that doesn t exist .
susieQzQz , I like the ability to scan , to create notes , and to take photos within the app .
A pretty good app but needs improvement and why when you open the review to submit a review it already wrote one for you with 5 stars that is discusting ,
Only issue is the lack of organization , and searching on your TAGS ?
It was working OK but crashes once in a while .
It used to never not_fail me , not_but lately it only stays running for about 30 % of time and the rest it crashes once I open it .
I highly recommend Evernote , but caution people that it alone could easily become an electronic junk drawer you will also need a system to help make it work for you .
After the app opens and create a note it crashes/closes .
All my notes and information I need are accessible wherever I go , very handy for those trips overseas to keep a list of places I need to visit and things I should do .
\\n\\nI look forward to discovering more about how to use evernote and am thinking and researching how to move to a more paperless workflow .
The idea of having every idea , note , and process at arms length is very exciting and one of the most useful apps I own .
Evernote is really a great tool for jotting down all the things I need to remember spur of the moment and for organizing all types of info .
This is a great app , but is there anyway the set up ( temporarily or permanently ) the fonts type and size on the IOS app version ?
It takes 8 steps to set up each notebook I expect ill be setting up about 40 notebooks so I m not not_very not_happy with this inefficiency .
Why haven t they executed ?
and that is that it crashes frequently on me .
\\n\\nPlease keep doing the great job you have been , and I know this will be fixed soon .
In got it for my wife and here tondo s. I can add them anytime I think of them and they update to her ipad or iPhone .
The only issue I have with it is the navigation .
\\nI recommend it for everyone !
I recommended it to my friend who was curious about what I was doing in the middle of our workshop and he loved it .
You have to figure out how you give us a chance to categorize and organize our documents in more then just one level , as every subject has sub topics and so on .
Now I have problems even typing with it , especially with the iphone app .
I HIGHLY recommend it !
Every student should get this app , although you have to buy more space if you upload a lot it s still very useful .
This is the app to use if you have tons of good ideas and need somewhere to organize and keep them .
It crashes every time a note is selected .
Why do we have to pay so much money to get access ?
\\nWell , I m not not_gon not_na write them all out , but lets just say , I definitely recommend it .
I m not an not_iphone not_user , but I can see how this format may work on that screen .
The Mac desktop client has had text editing problems ( annoyances ) for many versions .
\\n\\nUpdate : June 2012 Mac text editing problems have been fixed .
What once made this my go to app for note is now gone !
Also , it is missing a few essential writing features ( double spacing , formatting , etc . ) ,
If you want or need to save and manage all types of information , then Evernote is for you .
Just try it .
I am not not_able to not_print any notes since they updates the 5th version .
it has been more than a week and nothing was fixed .
I found I needed this when I was on a long flight and I wanted to review prior information I had entered .
Great ideas are found on their website on how to make best use of it .
I enjoy being able to sync across devices , but try to make a bulleted list and this thing fails .
I ve used and liked Evernote for well over a year now , on my iPad/iPhone/Mac but for the past few days , every time I try to open it on my iPad , it crashes almost instantly .
If you are going somewhere where there will be no not_Internet not_access , simply sync the document you will work on before you go .
I have very few complaints other than the fact that you can t change font size .
If you can get it to open , you can t edit .
\\n\\nSometimes it crashes on me and it peeves me .
Please fix it .
Where is it ?
Still figuring out how to set it up though .
The mobile app is fantastic and when I sit down at my desk everything is there for me just as I entered it on my phone .
Interface is now goofy and when I later launched Evernote it crashed when I tried to open a document .
If I make a grocery list on my iPhone on Tuesday night , it more than likely will not not_show not_up on the web account on Wednesday morning .
If I m lucky and it does happen to be there , then I can add a few items to the list throughout the day .
I ve got a slim chance that they will show up on the list when I open it at the grocery store that night .
I have never not_been not_able to use Evernote since I installed it .
It always sends me little screen that says `` synchronization failed '' .
Why make a program available if it doesn t work ?
That is not not_possible not_which is a big step back as I have to switch between the apps if teacher draws something on the board .
Still learning all the aspects of Evernote , it s just opened up a place where I love to work again because I accomplish so much more in less not_time !
I went round and round with support but they were not not_helpful , not_basically they can t figure out how to get a log transferred to themselves ( how hard is it to email a log and tag it with the user id of the customer ? )
\\n\\nFinally I completely uninstalled and reinstalled , downloading all offline notes again on both platforms and that resolved the problem , for now .
It s not my not_problem that the not_client had gotten out of sync with the server , it s EN s problem !
Any pictures , diagrams or screen shots in the article do not not_get not_transferred to Evernote .
It seems ending the app resolves it for a whole .
I am currently working on my dissertation and chose Evernote to organize class notes , research articles and required readings .
Current version ( 5.1.2 ) of iphone has a serious problem .
Sabbatarian , I loved Evernote for keeping track of the things I want and need to so but since receiving the above message , it s useless for the future and I need to find another app .
Normally I want to change notes in my phone when I m out and about so this is a major problem !
In order for photos to sync you must fully close app ( close , click minus button ) and relaunch app and then they sync just fine .
( Running Evernote on newest version of iOS 6 on iPhone 4S ) \\n\\nPlus I can not not_figure not_out for the life of me how to delete a note within the iOS version .
This either needs to be easier to figure out how to do or needs to be added .
I shouldn t have to log onto the desktop version to delete a blank note I accidentally created .
Love the app , but the viewable text note jumps up and down when adding new text with chek boxes ... like in a list .
Now it moves up and down when i edit my notes and there are numerous syncing problems\\n\\nIt works ok on my phone and mac but it doesnt even run on my ipad .
This needs to be fixed soon .
I can sort my notes within a notebook , but I can t sort the notebooks themselves .
The only problem is that on my iPhone , I don t have all the features like numbering and so .
It also limited the number of pictures I could add to a folder , so every source I added required me to make multiple folders to contain all the pictures .
Eschewing the navigation bar , they have their own `` unique '' irritating vertical tab menu which you can t turn off or even leave in a default tab , requiring an extra tap just to get to where you can take a note .
It s a great idea , just needs some settings screens to allow the user to tune things .
The balance between visual design and interaction design needs to fall more to allowing me to get things done , and make some choices about how the app works before I would upgrade to premium .
I have thoughts I need to write down while I m writing emails or sending messages .
\\nThe new version syncs automatically rather than on the save button ( which was more dependable ) \\nEvery time I go to type something in the new version , it wobbles the screen up and down so I can t see what I m typing \\nTo finish it off , the newer app crashes and you lose about 15 minutes worth of work .
\\nBottom line : Evernote is great for free but for the love of the all mighty , do not not_update it not_until they get their acts together .
It s a good app , the only neg is can t talk to anyone if I have question concerning the aps or how to do things , Whenever I emailed for question , I don t get any answer .
Hopefully Evernote can hire Virtual assistant , it is cheap in international countries anyway\\nI hope they can add larger cloud storage ,
I had to give it one star because it would not not_post not_this with 0 .
I would STRONGLY request the ability to change the text color in the iPad app like the desktop software .
Tis app does everything you ve always thought notes and tasks lists should do , and more .
I just lost a list I had created earlier due to syncing errors .
I use it for inventory lists , class notes , ideas for musical setlists , etc.\\n\\nMy one request to Evernote is such : Can you add the ability to create a page break to the iPad app please ?
\\n\\n11/9/2012 This is one of my most used apps , but with the newest version most of the time I get a sync error on notes captured with the camera .
As a busy mom i need to be reminded of all my to do s & amp ; am grateful to have somewhere to write my grocery list other than random pieces of paper !
Having search feature for a word does me no not_good not_if I can t search within the note to find that word .
Has crashed 30 times in the 2 hours since installed it .
Many seem to have same issue .
I really like how you can sync it with a computer .
You should try to allow more than one PDF be placed on the notebooks .
But for portability and ease of use ( which I need on business trips ) , Evernote can not not_be not_beat by similar apps .
I have been using EN for a few months and really like the fact that you can record while taking notes and then have that available across different devices .
\\n\\nOne request : the app could use better PDF interaction , rotating , annotating , searching .
Recommended it to my friend who needed to document and track various events at their home .
I love this app until I need to take notes in my math and science classes .
Please add this feature ! !
It crashes every time i open the app now .
LIFE VALUE increases every day I am a major note & amp ; scrap/clips junkie how did I ever get along without it not_?
\\n\\nI need to write and use my notes away from WIFI signals , and since Evernote is cloud based I end up unable to access previous notes if they have been edited and not not_synched .
Why did they take away the alpha guide on the right of screen ?
As a user of the paid version , now I have to scroll through quite a bit when I want to find something at the latter end of the alphabet .
But when I crossed the border of my country , I found that my notes are no longer not_available not_because free version does not not_support not_`` offline '' files and I didn t have Wifi available at hand .
How can you even release a piece of software without not_such not_critical feature ?
I suggest finding another app ,
Even just made up a few nonsense names with random letters and numbers u know no one not_was not_using !
Want me to use this then you need to fix this this ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Yes , it has some bug sometimes , but after visiting support , I found the answers I needed within a few minutes .
It s also great that I can login in online on my computer and print off all the notes I took with my iPad ; which automatically updates all my notes to the internet .
C2J2+KnA , It s been okay..so far..nothing big has made me turn away the app ,
Pattttttttt , Syncing does not not_work , not_this app is totally unreliable .
With the new update , the previous problems have been fixed and this app is back to being my favorite app ever .
You can record which is fine by me , but well it would be better if you could edit your pictures from skitch , draw , or make shapes .
This app is also a decent writing program which can also allow you to import pictures , audio , and videos into a document !
The app also sometimes crashes .
Simply put , current version just doesn t work .
Search the web for how to downgrade iPhone apps if you need more info .
However , the iPad app crashes constantly , about two seconds after it opens .
Before you have time to click on Send Report , it crashes again .
We have one of the original iPads , don t know if that s the issue .
This app could be nice if it could be used .
Why it doesn t just use your email and let you create a password is beyond me .
Please fix this !
My business has become so complex I needed something to keep track of all the details .
I love Evernote and I just purchased the Evernote Moleskine , but the app crashes 90 % of the time I try to take a photo of the page !
Can take pics of docs and throw them away don t even need to scan .
Please fix this soon !
How can such an amazing organizational app not have not_calendar not_integration ?
First , how do you create sections in the Mac App ?
I love this app as it does everything I need it to do !
I use it daily but it needs the ability to draw with your finger from diagrams and such .
Please give me my tags back !
It is better then everything else but the bad thing is that if I want to open my notes offline I can not not_do that not_without buying the premium .
Please bring Table support to the iPad .
All tables that need editing can only be done on Desktop .
\\n\\nCould someone clarify whether it just might not not_work with not_old iOS/iPad 1 ?
The semester is getting ready to start , and I need my Evernote !
I can t look at just my cafes or restaurants or meetings on the map .
Deleted app when I found out I had to create an account before I could use it .
When they made the switch , it was incredibly jarring and disrupted my daily flow for awhile .
Ultimately to make really great notes , using lots of multimedia , you need to utilize several other applications .
However , it s crashed about five times , empty notebooks always have 1 notes , I can t change the size of an image inside a note , when a context menu pops up ( such as to insert a picture ) it s empty because it scrolls away from the pictures , etc .
I need a service similar to Evernote , so I guess I ll be looking for others .
But since the latest update , the keyboard does not not_appear not_when I tried to sign in , so it s completely unusable .
Many other applications work well , but I do have one observation that you should be aware of .
There seems to be a bug in the search function for notebooks , when you do a search in a specific notebook .
Alr293 , There s no not_undo not_button so I just deleted everything I just did when I was trying to change the bullet format .
I made a large note with several photos in it , and now it keeps crashing right after I open it .
Can t access anything without it not_crashing .
You can use multiple tags for a note if u choose to .
I make use of tags for stores I frequent , eliminating the `` I forgot to get this or forgot I needed this '' moments after coming home from cruising around town or realizing that you needed supplies for a project from a store you were just at .
As a scatterbrained person who uses multiple types of technology and needs access to the same information , this app has helped simplify and unify my life .
I recommend this app to just about anyone , from a writer type to a businessman type because it caters to just about anyone who needs to have their information in one place , accessible at any time with any type of device .
It seems to fix itself if I type onto the next line , but it s still really irritating .
It worked great until a week ago and now it won t sync with other devices ... .please fix this !
I like having the summary on the left and the full note on the right .
Oh well , I just reinstalled the old one .
\\n\\n1 ) You can t sync notes with photos in them .
It fails 100 % of the time .
You have to have this !
\\nYou need Dropbox integration asap !
The only problem I have had , is that when I take pictures , it will not not_sync with my not_computer .
Phayble , I got this app to use with my business partner in China why have Evernote in both countries but not not_allow not_us to share ?
I highly recommend the app and the service .
Hasn t crashed yet unlike some other note apps I ve tried .
It has some problems updating some files but it ?
They have made some good choices around navigation , especially for tablets .
Also on occasion , as I choose to edit some areas of my note , the text on the page will disappear and reappear on screen as I type .
\\n\\nI like the editing features available , but the bugs are KILLING me .
So if you re looking for something simple that creates notes , tags , lists , reminders and the like look no not_further on the not_other hand , if need organization , management , and scheduling combined with the aforementioned features , got ta look elsewhere : / ,
It took me a while to figure out how I should best use it .
But I highly recommend it !
This is a huge problem and ruins a would be great app .
Very frustrating app to use , syncs while you are still typing and cursor automatically moves to top of the note , so you have to find your place continuously .
I have this this on my Kindle Fire and I just got it on my iPhone 4S ! ! !
Evernote is having a big problem in writing Arabic with right to left orientation ! ! !
The only thing I haven t figured out yet is how to delete a pin , but I can just do that on the computer later : ) ,
It s already possible to rearrange boards why not the not_pins on a not_single board ?
Just love this App ! ! ! !
This app provides me with just that the opportunity to glance at photos , and most photos have links for further information .
Pinterest is now my go to resource whenever I need ideas or inspiration for nearly anything in life .
The only problem is that it s like a giant vortex where I look up and an hour has passed .
No longer have to cut a tree down when I can pin it !
This is the easiest way for me to use Pinterest , so I don t just spend hours on the site .
It s always there when I need a distraction !
This can be frustrating when your in the middle of adding important ingredients .
\\nBut you should be able to rearrange your boards on here .
Works well crashes sometimes , but good !
This app has made my life so much easier !
I have had this app and I m literally on it everyday .
Powerful for seeing goals I have set for the year to attract what I need to make a goal a reality .
I love how you can look ion vastly different categories ; where you can find anything you can think of !
I recommend some improvements , such as being able to rearrange pins and boards on the app .
I uninstalled the app from my iPad because it always crashes .
I enjoying seeing how many folks are following me , and sometimes adding photos I take , or find outside of pinterest .
I can always find what I need and great new ideas !
You can create any type of board you want and pretty much everything else is customizable too .
It needed to happen .
I m not not_sure not_how I managed in life without not_Pinterest not_( or this app for that matter ) but it s my # 1 go to if I need a little inspiration .
I wish after it crashes you could go back instead of starting over !
You look further and it was/wasn t what you expected .
You have to arrow back using your browser and it takes you ALL The Way Back to the Beginning of scrolling .
I ve learned how to do so many things through Pinterest pins and enjoying pinning items of my own .
I totally recommend this app .
I have had no not_problems with it not_crashing my phone .
This is such a fun way to kill time..waiting for appointments , when I can t sleep or just feeling lazy bones .
How can one not not_love not_this creativity Mecca ?
I love this app I get recipes , how to s , ideas and tons of diy ideas .
The app used to have major freezing problems .
You can create a board of your own to refer back to also .
\\nIt still needs improvements at the functionality level , such as allowing a bigger number of secret boards , more flexibility in the search of pins , pinners , and boards , and more flexibility in the display on one s pins and boards and boards that are followed .
I recommend it often .
I spend hours just looking and getting great ideas !
; ) I think it could be better by being able to private message someone , though you could block the person from messaging if needed .
Also I think it could be better if a pin could be deleted from your group board ( like for example if it was inappropriate and you didn t want it on your board ) , and also if you didn t need to follow a person back for them to be added to a group board .
Please fix this , I love Pinterest way too much not to not_use it !
Can t stop pinning ! ! ! ! ! !
In hope i don t jinx myself , but i haven t had any issues with this app .
Love the changes Pinterest has added , I don t ever have problems with this app because they re great at addressing any .
Well , here s your review .
I have had no not_problems with it at not_all .
Just love it .
The potential is there ... just waiting .
I love the app and use it a lot when I need to pass time !
Can do what I like to do n rarely not_crashes !
Please fix the `` fixes '' .
I recommend this app to all my friends and will continue to use it faithfully !
Please add a `` back to top of page '' button .
I love Pinterest , but this app crashes almost every time I use it ,
Love having a source of photos to reference when I need them .
I just love it !
Nice app you can save your pics and grab pics from others and share comments ,
The app is hard to see clearly on my phone , maybe I need to get the iPad .
Never had the problem before .
The only suggestions ... fix the glitch that boots you out and shuts down your iPad on occasion , create main topic board to house boards as subtopics ( e.g . Main topic `` decorating '' and boards under this would be kitchen , bedroom , etc . ) I just have so many boards it would make things more organized and easier to find .
I don t understand why fix something that is not not_broken to not_really break it ! ! ?
My sister convinced my to start pinning and now I can t stop !
I wish there were no not_limitations on not_searches , and I know there are thousands of pins , so why only show a couple hundred ?
The upgrades have made great improvements .
Haven t had any issues at all on iPhone 4S .
There are so many great ideas on this app .
The only issue with this app is the lack of ability to print a pin from within the app you have to open in safari and that is to many extra steps ... .please add a print button !
Love how you can create group boards and progressively invite members .
The mobile app is slow and crashes a lot , but I love it when it s not not_struggling .
Can you try to add some instructions or a replay for when you first join ?
That I need to ask .
The only problem is that I ll just mean to take a peek & amp ; before I know it , I ll discover I ve lost hours !
The best place to keep all your ideas , favorite things and plans is one place and better yet to share !
Easy to use , great way to kill time at a doctor s office and such .
I love fantasy art picture but you need to do if people like us is more easy phone to select action a picture .
I have no not_problems with not_this app .
This app runs so smoothly and I rarely have not_issues with it not_anymore .
Brittany Lauren , Please please please give us an update to be able to search for pins on our boards !
There is still a crashing issue on occasion and pins on my homepage refuse to load .
The app crashes sometimes and that can be very frustrating .
I learn a lot from what other folks post it lacks a reliable search function & amp ; it needs to add a setting of BOARDS/PERSONS I FOLLOW .
Overall it is fun & amp ; provides a lot of good info .
The only bad thing about it is that you can t get on it without not_wifi .
Minus one star for occasional crashes of the app and I wish there was a better way to keep people from pinning links to spammy websites .
There are so many recipes and ideas that you can pin now and use as a resource later .
\\n\\nPinterest was crashing on my iPad but seems to be better since the update .
I don t like updates that change everything around but I seem to be getting used to how to navigate it .
I have to careful when I open it because it can be hours before I come up for air .
Please take off the new update where it recommends sending certain pins to people who may like it on your Facebook friends list .
It s good that we can view what we ve already pinned and be told when we re about to pin something we may have forgotten has already been pinned to our board ( s ) .
Fantastic app I recommend it entirely only crashes sometimes .
How to make or do anything !
I use Pinterest a lot , but the app is constantly crashing when I go to open a pin .
Everything you need is right here and more !
But I wish there were a way to organize pins within boards , like sub boards or something .
It s so easy to use , has very few bugs , and is so much fun ! !
I enjoy using Pinterest on the iPad and iPhone but some features , like the ability to change the cover image of a board are missing .
I love Pintrest and the app version is laid out well , but it crashes all the time and sometimes takes several tries to reach the web page linked to the pin .
5/9/12 Update : Bugs are fewer .
Can we get a fix on this ?
Never have any problems with it , never not_crashes .
The ideas that I have been able to use and share have been a tremendous help to me , my family , friends and co workers .
Will there ever be an update that allows us to move multiple pins to one board at a time ?
Pintrest provides an easy way to find and store ideas .
I love how you can create boards , secret boards , send to other pinners , or just like something .
\\nVery much like eating potato chips..you cant just `` pin '' one ! !
I have no not_problems with it at not_all .
After update , takes longer for boards to load , sometimes the app crashes .
I have had no not_problems with not_Pinterest ever !
because it crashes now and then .
Pinterest helps you find recipes to make delicious dishes , gives you amazing gift ideas and room decor .
Why is it stuck ?
Why aren t our personal Boards in alpha order the way they come up to pin ?
Why can t we change the cover photo on our Boards anymore ?
The only problem I have with it is that it randomly closes the app .
it always gives me ideas i can use or elaborate on .
For those who like to visually learn , read and live , this app fits the personal functionality I need in order for the platform to be an intuitive , seamless process regardless of the task I m attempting to perform .
I wish you could still pin without not_opening .
I wish there was some type of messenger available .
It would be nice to be able to respond to pins that have been sent to us with a message .
i like the new update but it still crashes every so often .
I m sure there is a way to turn that off , but I haven t figured it out .
I wish there was a way to take off your recently viewed categories .
They ve been hits at get togethers and if I ever need to fix or clean something I can find it on Pinterest .
s Fling , This version crashes repeatedly and completely shuts my iPad down .
I need Pinterest Anonymous ,
No matter what you need it s on Pinterest .
Prior to this last update you made some improvements and did update and it was great !
Then there was this last update : ( Now iPad wants to crash sometimes , not not_anywhere not_like before but just some .
And you know it would be great to be able to have more than 350 boards , I have noticed some of the people I follow have more but I can t figure out how to do it !
If we could just solve these issues it would be awesome !
The only improvement I suggest is to add the ability to `` zoom '' in on the pictures after they have been pinned .
I have had the iPhone 4S and 5s , with both of them I had loading issues when saving an image that would freeze and continue to load hours after I have exited the app .
I love this app , really liked when the added the `` I think you ve already posted this ! ''
Any time I need an idea I come here .
I can pretty much find everything I need here , and the app is simple to use .
\\nOverall I recommend it !
I can t believe I was missing out on such great ideas for such a long time !
There are so many great ideas and funny things !
s78 , All of my new contacts I have made on this app and all of the great information I have gained , I m just so excited to be able to pin all day long ,
Wish the app would allow you to view in both portrait and landscape format .
My only problem is not not_being not_able to stop .
I can always find projects that I can t wait to try , and gifts to make for family .
Great app nothing else like it gives me awesome ideas of things I can t afford puts my head in debt ?
Now I can access things out and about such as ingredients for recipes , what was the name of that glue they said to use or how much vinegar do I need to buy to clean my house ?
I can t stop !
The only problem is I spend too much time on it .
The only complaint I can share is I tried a recipe that had three ingredients , followed the recipe completely and failed all three times .
Very infrequently do I have any problems and it is so convenient .
Honestly , I m not not_sure not_I like the latest update but I will either adjust or they will update it again .
How do people come up with these great ideas ?
Unfortunately , it didn t take long before a few a wipes posted bad links .
It helps me plan my meals , travel and make my dreams come true .
Constantly crashes when viewed on my iPad .
Works awesome on my phone but crashes if you repin too quickly back to back .
Works fine , I have had no not_issues .
This app needs an update .
Don t listen to anybody who gave them one star they are just mad because they didn t get any followers .
The way I think is to categorize first and then comment ... but once you select a category you ve pinned it and then you must do the several step process of editing .
It helps me keep track of my pins and makes the easy to find when I need them .
When I try to pin from Facebook , half the time it tells me I need to log in first .
So sometimes I just skip it and email the item to myself .
I was nvr a big Facebook fan bc it gave too much personal without not_any not_personality Pinterest let s your real self shine through whether you intended to or not not_; not_) \\nI just wish that with the update that they would fix the crashing of my iPad if I have too many windows open or I have left it open too long : ( ,
I have had no not_problems at not_all .
I love to cook and have many apps and bookmarks for recipe searches , but Pinterest is often the first and last place I need to search .
Definitely recommend this to anyone .
Luv the inspiration of others\\nConnection has never not_failed .
I was the person who said they would never not_Pinterest and not_now I can t stop ! ! !
I love Pinterest & amp ; I love the ease this app provides .
Recent updates have made this app much better !
At first when I signed up I had no not_idea not_what this was and I actually thought it was a waste of time but now that I understand it I absolutely love it and can t stop pinning .
I have never not_had not_any problems with this app .
Only bug I found was when I expand a pin and try to scroll down to the related pubs area , they sometimes won t load so I have to exit the pin and try again .
God bless the person/people who created it .
It s an amazing app for everything you need ! !
Sometimes I just give up waiting and just shut it down .
\\nI ve made the most delicious recipes from it and even used tips for my dogs .
Some day my things will be on this app this app make my day .
Highly recommend this app !
I find everything what I need and ever imagine !
A bit glitchy sometimes so you may need to do an uninstall / reinstall but otherwise go for it .
I also can t pin from Zulily any more , but I don t know if it is Pinterest or Zulily .
I just sometimes get overwhelmed with how much is available and lose track of time .
It s often the first place I go when I can t figure out what to make for dinner !
Great app just wish it didn t glitch on occasion ,
There are SO many great ideas that are shared throughout this app ! ! !
Pinterest is there to find anything I need !
It can only get better with time , how can I invest ?
Wouldn t plan an event without it .
It s my go to DIY site when the creative juices have failed me .
I recommend this to everyone .
Find everything I need from recipes to decorating and more .
I no longer not_need not_magazines to get ideas for decorating , hairstyles , clothing , organizing and so many other things .
Seriously if you know me you know that I can t function without not_Pinterest .
I m a teacher and there s anything I can t find in this app .
Love to pin recipes / crafts then in store just look up for what you need .
Wow when I first downloaded Pinterest I didn t expect to be as cool and filled with GREAT ideas as it is ! ! !
If u don t have you are missing out and when you are getting started or don t have many followers follow me cuz I love Pinterest and I pin every day ! !
I looked at everything wedding when my daughter was planning her event .
Decks for the backyard was really fun when we were planning our backyard update .
The only thing I would love added to Pinterest overall is keywords because a lot of times the captions for the pin do not not_contain not_any information about what the pin is about and then there is no way to not_search for it .
I love this site but the app crashes every time I use it : ( ,
Great thing , just need more money ,
Is there any way of getting the last version back , otherwise please change it ! ?
The only problem is the newest update makes if a bit difficult to find and like things .
The update crashes sometimes , but not as not_much as it not_used to .
It s so much more convenient and clear here .
A few updates ago this thing was added where whnevr you pinned something you would have to hold your finger on the screen and slide it .
This was Christmas gift central right here .
They made a change some where along the way and I can no longer not_get not_this app to open my pinterest account using Facebook on my IPad .
I think I followed all the instructions properly but still there is a problem .
I have been hoping for a new version to fix the issue .
Pinterest has made my life so much easier !
The only thing I would like to see added is a `` find '' feature for every board considering how many pins I have now .
When I need to find something Pinterest is my first stop ,
Could add feature that loads more pins when you reach the bottom and run out of pins ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Wish it didn t crash on occasion but other than that , it s great !
The down side is that it does indeed crash on you everyonce in a while , not not_constant at not_all and doesn t pick up where you left off , and you will be lucky if you find that specific pin again .
Just remember that it s probably a good idea to try some things out and see if you like them , if not you not_can not_delete it off .
I pick up some great ideas , crazy photos , and so on , but occasionally it just puts up colored boxes instead of photos .
When I posted one image to FB , any time anyone clicked on it , it went to Pinterest without a not_way not_back to FB , so I deleted it .
I was frustrated when they swept in with the anti nude censorship , but I still use it , and the app provides all the features I need ,
Just love it !
I really like having Pinterest at my finger tips !
I get frustrated because it crashes with some regularity .
Just download it , you won t regret it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I just love pinterest since day one !
It s awesome that you can find almost anything you can think .
I just wish they d add a `` Farm & amp ; Ranch '' category !
The App gets a 50/50 , sometimes it works and sometimes you have issues .
I just love this app ,
It crashes constantly .
Wish you could save images that you are trying to pin !
Love getting a ideas for EVERYTHING , but some of the websites pinned do not not_work .
Crashes have been minimized in the last updates , but still crashes on my iPad .
I sort of wish links would open in chrome like they do on the app , but get why they don t. Please don t get much more complex !
Helps me be creative when I need a jump start .
Love the app but have also noticed that my tablet will automatically shut down only on the Pinterest site .
Just relax and find things you like .
Definitely recommend Pinterest !
Great ideas , but it crashes since upgrade : ( ,
BUT the app seems to crash a lot !
I just hope you can fix the crashing problem .
We really need an `` open in safari '' button .
It s constantly crashing on me or not not_showing the not_pictures , just a bunch of colored tiles .
I liked the list better I don t need a picture to know the category .
My only complaint is that you can t search your own pins or likes as you can on a computer .
Im a crafter I would like to see more patterns that go with these crafts like the havoc made with recycled bottles there not for not_sale not_but there is no not_pattern not_either .
Just I had a few extra hours in the day to browse !
Love this app so much it has everything that you want to learn and much more I just absolutely love it !
It s a great app but it crashes way too much : ( please fix this ,
It s useful for event planning , motivation , cooking and pretty much anything you re looking for .
I planned my daughters entire baby shower using Pinterest .
I don t like the fact that it always crashes when I m on my iPad .
Please fix the crashes on the iPads an it would be worth that fifth star .
It makes me loom like the crafty creative one : ) ,
Occasionally mine will shut down on me .
I never have a not_problem !
Totally awesome app that is helpful when I need to find something quick to cook , crafts made or little thing to do around the house ! !
Not impressed with update , also need to put a sidebar on pins so you can see how far you have to scroll down to get to the bottom of a topic .
I need to see what I am working on , or towards in order for me to make the connection .
Please change it back to the old Pinterest that we all liked .
I can t stop pinning !
I can t stop looking at it .
If I never not_need not_ideas about anything this is my go to app .
Highly recommend it !
When I get married I intend to use a ton of the ideas for my wedding , and it s a great place to find and store funny pictures .
I can add as many as I want to anything I want .
But it still crashes a LOT !
Always looking forward to what they have planned for the next update .
Does everything I need it to do !
Any idea or anything you think you want to do is here .
I can t help but say that Pinterest is awesome and that I m totally 100 % addicted and it s nice because I have so many followers interested in just what I pin !
This app never not_crashes or not_freezes up .
Pinterest can redefine your life by making you the chef , artist or seamstress you thought you could never not_be ! !
I LOVE it and highly recommend it to everyone ! !
My only complaint is the offensive material and language that people post .
Update 12 28 2013 LOVE Pinterest , but see my request below .
Please change it BACK to the APP opening when I pin in Safari and/or Chrome .
Please make an iPad HD version ! !
If there were only a way to help me to really DO the ideas I ve pinned ! !
You can find anything you need on Pinterest !
I plan to do the same for crafts .
Just not not_fond not_overall of the update but love the app in general .
this app has everything just love Pinterest , Whenever I m sad bitter or angry I just click on the Humor page `` Brilliant '' .
\\nGranted , all of my pins are from other interesting boards , but I don t like the idea of someone else adding something to my board .
I love Pinterest and so far this app works how I expected it to .
Save those posts for Tumblr , please .
Haven t had many problems .
Now I can finally use Pinterest on both .
I love that you can go to the board that you most recently pinned on .
I would like to post video using the copy and paste on my iPhone .
What did I ever do before Pinterest ?
Pinterest has provided me with access to ideas for home and classroom .
Although sometimes it crashes on me , the solution is always simple .
Has everything I need plus more amazing app ! !
Good app crashes sometimes ,
Haven t had any problems ?
Love the app , but unfortunately the crashing problem from 2 versions ago is still a problem .
Just love it .
I have never not_had an in not_issue with this App it s great to have on the go when you need a recipe at the grocery store .
It provides inspiration .
The only problem that I have noticed is that when you click to view a pin , read it the close it , it starts you back at the beginning of the list and not not_where you not_left off at .
It always perks me up and makes me happy to see what we as humanity can create , often with very simple ordinary materials .
Please do add it back !
New ideas for decorating , clothing , parties , recipes , DIY projects ; whatever you need , Pinterest has SOMETHING to help you out .
It is packed with inspiration & amp ; I just love the pinning & amp ; sharing ! !
This app works great , is easy to use , and doesn t crash often .
I love this application I can create my boards for wedding planning , cooking , fashion , and deserts ,
Now we can t rename boards in the iPad app but we could before .
The app is easy to use , but does tend to crash alot on the iPhone , it s perfect on a PC or laptop though .
The possibilities are endless here ! ! !
I don t know why I have so much trouble opening the pins ?
I think it should be easier to open them and see the full content .
What did we do before Pinterest ? ! ?
Love the concept of this app , but it crashes pretty frequently .
Tried out Pinterest because my Wife really enjoys it and has gotten several good suggestions for meals\\nI enjoy the pictures and it s fun to use right up to the point that it shuts down and kicks you off , which seems to happen with surprising regularity\\nOnce you ve been kick off and return , the time between being kicked off gets shorter and shorter\\nI m using an iPad to view Pinterest so maybe it s the reason for the shut downs\\nYour site would be more fun without the not_shutdowns\\nI not_DO enjoy Pinterest , thank you ,
If you need inspiration of any kind you can find it here .
I use boards to pin tons of ideas as inspiration when I first start a project or begin planning a party , but it would be nice to have a way to rank the pins to narrow down the ones I want to focus on first !
It provides an easy way to share ideas and pictures with friends and followers !
The idea and concept of pintrest is great .
I have never not_had not_any issues .
Love how easy it is to find ideas when you need something specific , but also just find things that I never not_would have not_thought to try .
What did we do before Pinterest ?
No need to sign in every time and it loads quickly !
I just wish people would only post links that were safe ,
It is very cool how we can touch a picture and then we get the three options on what we can to do , but is there any way that y all can put another option that saves a pin to the camera roll ?
There are so many inspiring ideas out there and it has taken my creativity to a whole new level .
The app is little tough to learn at first , that s why only ?
\\nYou can create an online scrapbook of your favorite photos .
Once I figured out how to navigate this app , it became very easy to switch from looking at my own pins to looking at recent pins of people I follow .
We spend time organizing our boards but Pinterest fails to organizing themselves by not not_putting not_things in alphabetical order ... please learn you ABC s. ,
You have to get it ! !
I have no not_problems with not_this app .
I really recommend it !
You can t change the board covers anymore change that please !
I just love so much Pinterest !
... please consider it ! !
If you have an iPad , you must get this app .
I just love this app , I use it all the time for just about everything .
I recommend this app to all !
You can create secret boards just for you or invite friends to your secret boards .
I like it so far especially when I need recipes or a drink ! !
If I need it , Pinterest has it !
I wish you could drag and drop pins between boards , and delete with pins with one click .
I use this all the time..and I just love it !
Love it but it crashes a lot : ( ,
Please do not not_change not_settings or do a thousand upgrades , we , users do not not_like !
I highly recommend it !
I did not not_get the not_idea of this app at first but the more I surfed the more I found I needed to return .
Seems like the controls are fairly user friendly but every now and then I have to re search for something because it bumps me out to the home page .
\\n\\nSecondly , you have to get together with apple so I can just pin from my photos on my phone ! !
I have to scroll through a list of randomly organized ( rather , NOT organized or DISorganized ) names to find the one I need .
\\n\\nThx , now , can you STOP asking me to rate Pinterest every third or fourth time I try to open it ?
I need a meeting .
Love the abundance of ideas available at your fingertips !
Please fix this !
I adore Pinterest wholeheartedly but I do have a problem with how it does occasionally crash on me .
Just wish the scrolling down then back up just a little bit didn t bring the top menu bar back .
And the news ticker ( I don t know what to call the thing that tells me when someone has liked a pin or followed a board ) needs a better information hierarchy ; an undifferentiated list doesn t serve me needs ?
Just love it .
Highly recommend getting it .
I have made a few of these great ideas but I m excited to do so many more !
I just wish editing my boards was easier .
One thing , I would like to see the subscribers in order of appearance .
I love Pinterest , but I think it needs to be revamped .
First , you ll only have a couple boards then you ll need a couple more because you ll want to have a\\nPlace for your interests .
One issue I do have is sometimes when I pin a Lin and go back to it I can t necessarily get the pattern or recipe , not not_sure not_why .
Before Pinterest I had magazine clippings , notebooks , files , etc . all saved with ideas , but I could never not_find not_what I needed when I needed it .
The app does what it needs to , & amp ; I love it .
WOULD RECOMMEND TO ANYONE AND EVERYONE ,
I absolutely love Pinterest , and have had no not_problems with the not_app !
You can search and find whatever you could possibly think of , from simple DIY projects to ancient Jewish tombstone inscriptions !
My only problem is that some times it just suddenly closes out on me , and I have to wait a bit to open it again .
Everyone should use it !
Here are some reasons why I enjoy it : \\n\\n1 I have done so many home projects for cheap or have done something I never not_would have not_because of creative ideas that are step by step .
\\n\\n2 I have been able to look up garden questions or ideas and made a beautiful and productive garden this year .
\\n\\nOct 31st\\nHope you are working on this crashing problem .
Something needs to be done .
Can t figure out how to clean up my boards .
It crashes occasionally , but overall it s a great app !
That means I can t pin .
I love this app it is so much better than just using the web .
Just wish you didn t have to allow others to follow you unless you give permission or maybe allowed to have more secret boards .
I wish there was a pin button on my phone where I could pin things I see like I to when I m on my laptop ( maybe there is one for the phone and I just haven t found it ) .
Once you start looking you can t stop !
This app has helped me in many more ways than just piecing together a dream wedding .
I have figure out how to use photography to my advantage and learned different workouts !
I had problems with the app freezing a lot before , but don t anymore .
Great app , but it badly needs two things : \\n1 .
How do you organize effectively without not_sub not_folders ?
If the link is bad , it should not not_be not_able to post .
The most recent update was a bit of a change visually , but it only took a couple of minutes to learn how to navigate !
I wish it were easier to move my pins from one of my boards to a new board I create .
This is still a problem as of 12/27/13 ! ! !
No update has been done recently though , and until I read that the problem with Safari is fixed I will try to remember not to not_upgrade the not_system .
The only thing I suggest would be to update the look more often : ) \\nBut as far as the app I love it ,
There are so many great ideas for crafts and food recipes .
Who needs a magazine ? !
Please provide a solution for an avid user : ) ,
I have no not_issues with not_this app and have a bunch of fun with it : ) ,
5tootle , I love Pinterest please change the page back the way it was a few weeks ago ,
Just wish it would stop crashing , and adding a side bar to scroll through boards would be nice .
It s so easy to save organize and find whatever you need .
I m able to get where I need to go with little problems .
I can t stop and I won t pinning ! ! !
Great recipes for those of us that can t cook without not_them !
It always crashes at the most inconvenient time .
Please fix this .
I have had a Pinterest for a few years , back when you had to request to be part of it and now I use it on both my computer and iPhone .
If that option could be added , I d give it 5 stars .
I never have not_any not_problems .
Love Pinterest ... I think it would be awesome to have the boards like now plus sub boards .
Occasionally when there are new updates it will crash but they generally fix it pretty quickly .
I can t live with out it ! !
Pinterest must be rated number one app on my phone .
Never crashes and never not_fails .
This is the best thing , if you want to know about something it s somewhere on Pinterest ! ! ! !
t know who you have recently hired to change your interface , but I suggest going back to the previous designer .
However the site itself is a great idea !
s happening , 5 , Heysuzen , I can t explain if you don t have Pinterest .
Truly you are missing a iconoclastic app .
The problems with the folders is that if you touch one accidentally ( like hit the one above ) it pins I to it , before you had to hit the PIN button again which gave you the chance to make sure to hanger the folder with one tap , now you have to go in and delete and move it to the correct folder .
The latest update does not not_work not_well on the iPad .
I just wish you could the app horizontally .
Not always clear about how to pin something or follow someone .
But it crashes A LOT .
Also , I can t update my board covers , and that should be brought back .
The last update did nothing to improve the Pinterest experience why the change ? ?
Not sure why some people are having issues but mine works just fine .
Do wish there was a way to move pins to different boards without not_having to not_repin them .
But now I enjoy it and you find out more about your friends thru it .
The best way to keep on top of today s style .
I love Pinterest , just hate the changes and bugs !
App logs out & amp ; can t sign in from time to time .
Love the app but it crashes a little much .
My Pinterest worked just fine until I just updated it today , now nothing loads ! !
Please fix or allow me to downgrade !
I love Pinterest and the app is easier to use because you just press on a picture the different options to pin it , like and send pop up and all you do is slide to the option .
Pinterest is a great idea but can be very disappointing .
But LOTS of updating , and it will crash or freeze on you .
Not only fun to pass the time when you are bored , or waiting at the dr s office , but provides so many great ideas and useful tips .
The bugs in the app have been fixed over time & amp ; I have no not_complaints not_except for adding more than 3 secret boards .
Having it on the iPad/iPhone just makes it even more addicting .
It s great and I recommend it all the time to others .
We just need a list of categories and we don t need a picture of what the category is .
I love it , but every night while I m on it just crashes for no not_reason .
For the recipes or different DIY things it would be nice to be able to see at rating on how others felt about them or telling if they would try it again or not .
I need this fixed now .
I get a ton if great ideas and it is the best past time .
I believe once people understand its purpose and create a `` groove '' that serves them best addiction is inevitable ! ! ! !
I can t see who is following specific boards , only generally who is following , unless I am missing something ?
Do not not_find not_much on the Middle East countries though .
If you love Pinterest on the computer you need the app .
And the only problem that I ve found is that I spend WAY TOO MUCH time going through it !
I just wish you could send multiple pins to one person at a time and the same pin to multiple people at once .
Even though this issue had been `` fixed '' I m still having problems .
Please readdress this issue .
Never had a problem with it .
It would crash a lot more than it does now .
I love Pinterest and all that you can find on there so this is perfect for my smart phone .
It does have some issues , such as the shut off in the middle of a pin and not not_loading at not_all until I close the app completely which also make me lose the place I have scrolled to .
Haven t seen any glitches just relaxing enjoyment .
Four stars because it crashes sometimes , and I do not not_like the not_updated search .
Just like the Pinterest website .
I love the app , but it does seem to crash a lot .
When I need a recipe or how to fix my hair , or fashion ideas , crafts , Pinterest has it all .
The problem I have that drops two stars , the updates don t fix things ; they just add more clutter .
It now suggests people who might like a pin sent , every .
It would be nice to turn that off .
But the app still needs a lot of work .
It had everything you need ! !
e and I create out wedding and wish lists so we know what to get each other for Xmas and bdays .
Also helping create our bucket list .
Like how it s gotten easier for me to navigate through .
I just don t like all the notifications for everything , but other than that , it s awesome !
Downloaded a few days ago and haven t had any issues .
( you even made me a better cook ! )
I would like to see more categories for browsing it seems all of the DIY Crafts that are lumped together could be better sub divided .
Quilts , for instance , should have their own category .
It s like a magazine that you get to design yourself .
Instead of just turning the screen orientation the app closes my whole iPad .
I would definitely suggest to download it it s only wonderful thing .
I have made several projects and recipes from the ideas that have been shared .
I m planning my wedding and getting ideas from Pinterest but my mom doesn t know how to use the app so I like sending her pictures from my phone via text .
Highly recommend the site and app !
The only adjustment I would suggest would be to fix load time as the images sometimes take awhile to upload .
I get so many ideas for design and recipes and fun stuff and it also just has a lot of great pictures and it s fun to look around .
If I could turn that option off on this app and the site it would be nice .
Please fix it so that it is compatible .
The fact that I can use it on the go & amp ; just not at not_home not_is awesome !
Definitely a good app and I ve never not_had a not_problem with it !
It crashes once in a while ; about two times a week .
Please bring that back and keep it !
Please bring the old version back !
I ve said more than once that Every woman should have a Pinterest account !
I defiantly recommend downloading this app !
I had to Google it to discover that you have to tap the camera button , then the little image icon .
I was confused of how to use it at first , but now that I ve figured it out its terribly addicting .
The old app was constantly crashing and shutting my ipad completely off .
Please bring back the A Z tabs when looking for categorized pin boards .
I could spend hours on it and yet I still don t know quite how to use it .
This app is amazing and always provides me with new ideas for everything ! !
Previously , the app would crash my iPad and , though it still does this , it s far and few between crashes .
Tried trouble shooting and they said sorry that s just what you have to do sometimes .
I love Pinterest but it always crashes !
If you post your own stuff , Pinterest automatically owns it .
I love the app in general , but this update has some bugs .
Used it to plan my daughters wedding , makes me a rock star when I bake or entertain , helped me redo my dining room table and a whole lot more .
What did I do before Pinterest ?
What a great way to discover how to enhance your life in all areas !
Wish the app was available on my Philips smart tv !
I love this app but it crashes all the time ! ! ! ! ! !
I utilize recipes , DIY projects , travel ideas , and many other options available .
: ) HIGHLY recommend it !
While Pinterest is still a great idea , the fact that the home feed is now more than 50 % `` related pins '' is very annoying .
Enjoy using on my iPhone and iPad but it still likes to crash .
When I try to load a video it almost always crashes .
Why limit to 3 ?
I love the new functionalities available in this release .
I love all of the updates that they have had on it so far Pinterest has everything that you could possibly think of , and I recommend Pinterest to everyone .
How did people organize their weddings before Pinterest ?
Wish there were more secret boards available .
I like sharing info and ideas with others , however , the lack of privacy is an issue .
So , I d like more privacy settings that are already available on other social networking sites and Pinterest would be perfect .
How do I go back and submit my email address so I can write comments ?
I don t know how to go back to where you tell me to give my email address .
Is there a way I can leave messages to other pinners ?
It s such a fun place to visit when I need a new idea or different perspective .
I love this app , it is my go to when I need some creative direction !
\\nEveryone can use this app ,
You seriously just tap the pic and in seconds it s on one of your perfect boards ! !
I recommend this to anyone looking for inspiration .
But you should add chatting !
Wish I could select multiple pins when I need to edit my boards .
Plus it holds well on my 4G iPod and I haven t had a single problem with the app in these past couple of months since using it .
If you love to pin and pin quickly then I d recommend downloading the app .
Haven t had any real issues with it .
Pinterest doesn t need my review to convince anyone of its worth and ease of use , just try it yourself .
Pinterest is addicting ... .can t wait to see how it keeps getting better .
Great app live convience of just pushing a button instead of browser hunting ,
You did an update to fix bugs but seemed to have created new ones .
I love that I can create my own boards and use Pinterest to organize holiday and party planning .
I really recommend this app .
Watch out because once you start , you might get addicted !
The only thing I would warn is that you can probably become a bit materialistic .
So be happy with what you have and just have fun .
Prior to the update , it was crashing frequently , shutting down my iPad , then rebooting .
Please bring back this feature .
I only wish that you could remove previous pins from a board or move them to a different board , just so you can correct a finger slip or get rid of things that you didn t end up liking .
App fails in iPod works great in iPad .
Nik Nik 888 , Just love this app\\nIt s very inspirational when you need a pick me up ,
Although more often , Puns don t always link back to the original post where you can find the recipe or instructions on how to do/make something .
You must get this app one of the best .
Probably the best app available so easy to use and it makes a lot of fun\\nLove using it on my iPhone too ,
Also has practical uses ... show pictures to hair stylist , pin recipes so you know what you need at the store , etc ,
I love this app , i think it is the best out there i recommend this to anyone who loves to kill time on their computer !
Only complaint is you can t change then orientation , which is especially bothersome for videos .
This is a little inconvenient and could be improved .
I do not not_feel the not_need to be notified when someone creates a new board .
I haven t had any problems with this app .
It is so much fun and gives you so many ideas of how to approach life ,
There are also great cleaning ideas and personal ideas like how to make your own facial scrub !
My only problem with Pinterest is I lose track of time when I m on it .
It would be nice if it would let you start typing the name of the board and it would pull it up .
Thank you for adding more secret boards !
I have lots of recipes on here and when I m trying to find that recipe I made a year ago so I can make dinner , it s frustrating that I can t search for it and find it quickly .
Some minor problems happens often but still love this app !
You can use it for anything and it s so easy to use .
If there is a way to do this , it isn t intuitive .
: / I m kinda technologically challenged , I admit , but ideally the app should be programmed and designed with people like me in mind !
It s always up to date and never not_crashes !
The only issue is that the search function for your own pins is not not_very not_accurate .
Its good but it can use a bit of an improvement , like sometimes the pictures just doesnt show and it takes a while for it to get back but that would be it ,
Works smoothly and easily , every time I use the app ... can t say that about all apps .
Love this app , and it s not not_crashing for me not_anymore ! !
I wish there was a way to put my boards in alphabetical order without not_moving not_them all individually .
I love that you are now able to pin from your clipboard !
I like everything about this app except the fact that I can t pin anything from my iPhone !
My only complaint would be that if a pin is reported as a possible threat why isn t it removed ?
Haven t had any problems on iPhone 5 !
When I wake up in the middle of the night I just grab my phone and start pinning !
Please fix this problem and let us pin more than that .
The app on my iPad regularly crashes .
I can be bombarded with ads anywhere I don t need to sit and browse through them .
I ve never not_had an not_issue with it crashing .
My only problem with it is the fact I say just 2 more minutes and they turn into hours !
However , it has crashed a couple of times recently on the iPad .
I might use it 50 times a day just for home made goodies alone .
\\n Absolutely HATE the new way they list the categories with a picture ... .please go back to the old list ... or let us choose which we d like to use .
They updated the app and it is a lot better .
Luckily I don t have the crashing issue or I would probably have to cry , lol .
I could not not_tell you not_how many fun ideas I have tried and loved because of Pinterest .
lugnard , Not much else you need to know .
I think it s much easier to pin things on the app than it is to pin them on the website .
I love looking at wedding stuff to help me plan my upcoming wedding .
I like pinterest a lot , but it really needs to be managed better .
Adding 12/24/13 do not not_like not_updated fragmented boards .
I have absolutely no not_problems with it !
Use it just about everyday .
Frequent app crashes on my iPad , please fix this bug !
Pinterest is my go to when I need an idea for anything ( hair styles , crafting , cooking , whatever ! )
Please bring this back !
\\n\\n~update for new version~\\n\\nI preferred the last layout and it STILL crashes when the orientation changes ( and at random , too ) .
Why put the effort into a new layout and not not_fix not_major bugs ?
I feel that they need to remove them .
Will think of other improvements that may be needed when I think of them .
Please fix the bugs ! !
Does the job you need it for but occasional crashes ( I use it daily and it probably crashes once a week ) can be a nuisance , but just briefly .
Will , lock up , and crash often .
Sha chey Renee , This new update crashes when I click on images and I can t see my followers and who s following me please change this ,
I would have given it 5 stars except it crashes for no not_reason not_& amp ; whatever you were looking at is lost .
Why was this feature removed ?
Please fix this soon ! !
I want to change the covers on my boards , but you can t do that in this update , please fix it or if you got rid of it , please bring it back !
However , in the last update something happened and now the app crashes constantly and when I can get in , all my pictures are gone .
Please fix this soon ! !
The only thing is it crashes a lot !
HomelessDragon , Says I need to grant access to log in via Facebook .
Please correct this .
I find it very annoying that Pinterest keeps crashing literally every few minutes ... didn t have this problem before .
It will work fine sometimes , but since the new update if I leave and come back to the app the images won t show up .
Please change it back to how it was before .
I ve seen many people have this issue , and currently mine takes up 1.5 gb of my memory because it saves every single photo u pin or look at in the cache .
Never had an issue with it .
Very annoyed that I can t delete pins from notifications tab .
Whether I need some inspiration in planning a birthday party , motivation to work out , or outfit ideas , Pinterest is my first stop !
It is the one if the best apps ever created and is very useful and fun to look at .
It s cool how you can save the things you like as well .
\\n \\n However , I don t know if there is a way to contact Pinterest in order to suggest ideas for the app s improvement .
\\n I would like to suggest the idea that Pinterest create folders for our boards .
I think we should get more .
Now I have to scroll through all of them instead of just touching a letter to find the board .
I just love this app ,
This issue can t be fixed the owners of Pinterest said so that needs to be fixed .
It is great to be able to see the details I need without not_wasting not_paper or taking up a lot of space on my small table .
My iPad no longer not_crashes , not_so I m a happy camper about that .
Please undo this terrible update ! ! ! !
While aesthetically better looking , it does not not_work not_well .
The new updates are causing problems ... first it was crashing my iPad almost every day .
Now , it won t load correctly ( pictures missing ) and my boards are missing cover pics , which I can t even edit because there s no not_option to not_change the picture anymore .
Smash lover , Pinterest , is like a social media drug once you have a little you need a lot ! ! ! ! !
Bdmama13 , I love the app but I can t pin from etsy or other websites with the Pinterest button on the iPad mini .
Wouldn t let me update the app .
Since update can t login with my Fb acct !
The app was great , please fix !
I want to know if anybody is having the problem about an update on Pinterest !
I need my App back ! ! !
When I try to update it says that the app is no longer not_available .
I cant get the app it says its no longer not_available ,
Trying to update and keeps saying the item I m trying to purchase is not not_available .
Um I m not not_trying to not_purchase I m trying to update please fix ASAP now it s saying can t connect to iTunes I m getting frustrated ,
I uninstalled it because when I tried to update it said `` What you ve tried to buy is no longer not_available . not_''
Now I can t reinstall .
I was trying to update my phone but it s telling me that Pinterest is no longer not_available .
When the update came I tried to update it but it said that It wouldn t let me .
I love Pinterest and always wished there was some way to go easily from pin to pin on a board or category .
I was excited to see that they added the swiping feature in the latest update .
Tried to update this app ( the update is for bug fixes ) and it tells me the item I m trying to buy is no longer not_available ! ! !
Now it says not not_available to not_purchase .
For some reason it s not not_letting me not_update & amp ; `` this update is no longer not_available not_'' and then it deleted my app ,
So , I tried uninstalling and reinstalling it , but now it won t let me download the app .
It says `` The item you tried to buy is no longer not_available . not_''
How can this be fixed so I can get pinterest back on my iPad ?
grlnxtdr2u978 , My Pinterest app is saying it needs an update but I am getting this message when I choose update .
`` The item you tried to purchase is no longer not_available ! not_''
It says the item you tried to buy is no not_linger not_available .
Can I not not_download the not_app ?
It says it s no longer not_available !
Please incorporate that ! ! !
What happened ?
What happened ?
magirlokmynameisnicky , It won t let me create an account at all I think it is a bug or something .
What is the problem since the update ?
Of course I adore Pinterest but the app always has bugs and the last update has made Pinterest completely unusable .
I need my Pinterest ! ! !
I can t even open the app after it s latest update !
The only thing wrong is when I go to repin something , I go to write a description and click on the box but it crashes .
I can not not_access my not_notifications anymore and when I try to change captions I can t. Why can t I post comments anymore ? ! ? ! ? ! ? !
I love love Pintrest but hate that it sometimes crashes since iOS 7 has come out never not_had that not_problem before but for that issue a great app .
You just put your finger on the pin picture and instantly you have options that POP up .
Do not not_like the not_new update .
Works great and I ve nvr had a problem with it or gotten a bad idea off Pinterest ,
The only issue I have is that it s sensitive .
Other than after I updated it it crashes every other time I use it !
The only problem is when I get on , I don t want to stop !
I can look at pins , but I can t do much else for the last two days .
The app shuts down , won t load some pins , and I can t edit pins .
It was perfect before I updated it 2 minutes ago .
Love it because it is more portable than my computer so I can use it working out or cooking in the kitchen ,
It s like 3/4 of them are missing .
With the updates , you forgot to put back to edit board cover for iPad users ! !
Pinterest is the best tool for fashion designers who needs to draw inspirations from different culture and historical era .
Can t view pins , all notifications have disappeared , crashes constantly .
\\nWish i could have more than 3 secret boards , please add the feature .
Online hoarding , what could be better ?
Please fix this bug problem Thank you .
Way to fail Pinterest .
This App as created an addition for Pinterest that I didn t have before .
the app is amazing in my iphone but when I use it on my computer its annoying when I have to pin because it isnt fast to do it so I dont like in my computer I just rather to use it on my iphone , but besides that I just love it ! ! ! !
I can t live without it ! !
I liked having the letters on the side so I didn t have to roll through my entire list of boards to pin something .
Please find a way to sort the DIY and Etsy stuff apart from each other it s frustrating to click on a project only to find you ve been diverted to an Etsy store .
When you need any sort of idea , all you have to do is check Pinterest .
I absolutely recommend Pinterest , although it is addicting !
If you use Pinterest you need this app .
Sometime I can t click to go to websites but overall good app .
I still feel all these larger companies should have the email synch up with my app so when I get an alert and click on the email it should go to my app not the not_web not_page .
Now however I just like it they decided to change the entire way you pin the look of everything and made all the type small and not as not_colorful and not_pleading to the eye .
I would never not_be not_able to see so many of the wonderful things the world has to offer if not for not_Pinterest !
Love using Pinterest to research all kinds of things and usually find info more appropriate for what I want to know then on other search engines ! !
However it constantly crashes and freezes ! ! ! ! !
Love using the app but very very annoying they need to fix all the glitches ! ! ! ! !
I love that if I need an idea for a craft or have a stain on my carpet I can find ideas or solution for just about everything .
I learn how to do so many things from Pinterest .
Learned how to cut my own hair .
I don t know why some people put one star but they made a mistake !
How could you not not_love it not_?
Up until like a week ago I ve never not_had a not_problem with it before , so I don t understand what s going on now .
They need to get this fixed and fast !
\\nMy only qualm is not not_being not_able to easily save pictures .
That s a minor issue , though .
I love Pinterest & amp ; the apps are more user friendly than the website , BUT there needs to be a way to mark where you stopped browsing on your home feed .
App never not_crashes not_anymore .
It s helping me to plan a bunch of different things I want to accomplish in the future and I am so excited for that !
There are quite a few pins that you click on and it will only pull up a picture or take you to a completely different page , but other than that , when you find those pages that take you right where you need to be , there s a world of wonders out there ! !
Like any other App it might have its moments , but all in all it s fantastic !
So glad they made this into an app !
Why did you change Pinterest with the last update ?
Why do you change things that were not not_broken not_?
I have made many recipes and DIY projects .
It has given me ideas in on how to renovate my kitchen , teach algebra to my kids , build a mud room , etc .
Great site , need to improve stability .
There is anything and everything that you could ever want or think of on this one site ! !
I love that you can pin without not_having to not_click through a million different things .
No crashes .
Now that the app is better I need an app for more time in the day .
I almost never have not_any not_issues with it except sometimes the notifications won t refresh or sometimes the notifications take days to show up ,
I think it s cool you can swipe through apps , but I did like the feature when you could swipe back to the previous page ( which you can t do anymore ) .
Great ideas , like minded people , but the organization for my brain is the best !
There have been times when the pins take a long time to load but overall it s a great app and I recommend it to anyone .
Ever since the iOS 7 update , the app crashes whenever I try to look at my notifications .
Best app/site ever lots of information and you can find everything you need !
I ve never not_had not_any problems , always works well .
Love it and the new easier way to pin by just holding down the item !
And what happened to being able to pin a photo to my fb wall ?
I love the app but it crashes only 5 minuets into searching and looking on it .
I wish that in the future this is fixed .
It s easy , works well , and is a million times more organized than I know how to be .
I m on it all the time , and love how you can organize your boards .
I never have not_problems with not_crashing .
Love Pinterest but the app crashes from time to time .
It s easy to use , and you can find anything you need with just a little searching and effort .
Love Pinterest but will just crash when I try too look at pin notices .
The only problem is I spend too much time on it ! ! !
Only problems I have are there s no not_multiple not_upload option .
Would be nice to easily move pins if pinned mistakingly to wrong bored .
Old way was fine .
Still could use a few minor tweaks but overall very good !
Please restore it back the way it was .
Brynnmlj , Every time I open my feed , it crashes same with my profile !
They need to make some fixes .
Why can you drag and drop whole boards but not the not_pins not_within a board ?
Recently many updates including the ability to swipe to pin as well as sending pins to another user have added such great quality to the app .
: p\\n\\nI highly recommend this app .
Notifications are broken and can t access sent pins .
I may be slightly addicted to it .
I don t like how you have to comment on them now , how i have to scroll through all my boards to get to one and I really hate how you cant have more than one board open at a time with the x s in the corner .
The bottom just doesn t work for me .
This is my favorite app in the world but all of a sudden it starting to crash again and it is really annoying , PLEASE FIX THIS ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Great way to pass the time when u need good ideas ,
Once you start you can t stop !
I love looking at the crisp beautiful images & amp ; great ideas that are easy to categorize .
The only thing I hate is the bug that shut it s down , usually when I inadvertently have too many windows open .
I m addicted , everyone should have a Pinterest ! ! ! !
So far so good , haven t had any problems with it .
Sure would be nice if the app didn t crash so often while I m pinning or just freezes .
More updates need to be included with this app in order to keep it moving .
Which one gets you to the list of categories : the home , magnifying glass , plus sign , or person ?
If you like a pin , you should not not_be not_listed as following them .
Fantastic ideas and the recipes are awesome .
Now it will not not_load not_new pins from people I follow and if I click to view people I follow then it crashes and closes the app .
Love this app but it crashes too much ! !
A pretty good representation of the website but took a while to figure out how to save a photo to the camera roll .
The app still crashes a lot and will often lose the page I was on if I switch to another app for a moment which is really annoying .
Not a fan of the new layout , and the app still crashes , even on the most recent iOS platform .
Whenever I need an idea for anything , I can find a ton here !
I receive a lot of pins and its frustrating that the pins show up small I think it would be cool if it comes up like the pins do when we are pinning .
Having the pins on the left needs to be moved back to the middle .
I do wish , with all the new updates , they made a slide show option because sometimes I just want to flip through my pins ( instead of having to click on each one , one at a time ) .
I RECOMMEND it to every wedding planner , fashionista , technology mogul , DIY fanatic , food craver , comedic lover , and many more .
Highly recommend it ,
Don t try to fix something that doesn t need fixing ?
Reverse , please ! ! !
I don t even need any other apps .
How did I ever live without not_Pinterest not_?
Only thing I wish it would do would allow me to print from my iPad easily .
The only complaint I have is that it crashes at random times .
Though It crashes after a couples minutes on my ipod ,
I just miss the you could save the photos in your iPhone but other than that I m in love with this app ! ! !
Gives me lots of ideas from tatoos to home decor to building or just make my life easier & amp ; more fun !
I use it all the time and I love how it rarely not_crashes ,
Very well put together but after using for a little bit on my iPhone , the app crashes .
When using it on my iPad it crashes and my iPad just shuts off then restarts it s self .
You don t have to search and search the stuff that interests on the web , its all here , you can also add information you others to see .
I also liked that choosing the board did not not_close my not_new pin , not not_allowing me to not_make any additional changes to the wording if the pin .
\\nOne more thing , a lot of other people and I really liked the alphabet scroll bar for the boards , so it would be nice if you could bring that back with your next bug fix .
My only complaint would be occasional crashes .
Please fix the bugs !
I LOVE the update , but I can t enjoy it because it still crashes A LOT !
This app crashes at least twice a day and now is not not_fully not_loading the activity my pins are getting .
I wish I could have the last version back .
I don t like the pull up menu , please fix ! !
Please fix it !
Please fix ur problem !
Please fix it .
Please fix this !
What happened to my notifications ?
They are only showing the brand new ones , problem is sometimes I don t get through them all and then I come back ... now they are gone !
Please please fix this ! ! !
What happened to the `` related pins '' that you got at the bottom of a pin ?
I hate that you can no longer not_see not_all the other items people pinned when you click on a specific pin .
That was what made this so much fun ... the unlimited exploring .
Please fix it .
All my past notifications are gone ( I liked being able to look through the past ones ) and I can t access related pins , which was really helpful in narrowing down my search results .
Please fix bigs .
\\nThat s how I found most of pins and now it s gone ? ! ! ! ! ?
Please fix this .
Thank you for putting the time bar back and it has been crashing for me less not_thus not_far .
There are so many times that I m on Pinterest when I definitely need to be doing other things .
I can barely go on there for a minute with out it crashing ,
If you have numerous boards you now have to click to make the keyboard go away if you change the caption or you can t scroll to the bottom of your board list because the keyboard blocks it .
Why do you now have to reach across the screen to obtain your list of boards ?
Why can you no longer not_see the not_number of followers you have on each board ?
Why does your total number of boards no longer not_show on your not_main page ?
If was not not_broken it not_should not have not_been not_fixed .
Please fix it .
Can t stop pinning ! ! !
I hate the new layout , the menu bar at the bottom , the way I can t just tap outside of a box to close it , how the close `` x '' has switched sides with the `` pin it '' button .
\\nThe one positive : it hasn t crashed on me since the update .
I use Pinterest a lot , and version 3.3 still has the same issue as the last couple of updates .
Crashes constantly and will occasionally crash my iPad 3 .
It needs to be fixed not have not_useless not_things added on like a map option .
What was the point of this last update , to make the app as difficult as possible to use ?
I don t like that you can t choose board cover with new update .
It provides an access to ideas for just about any and everything ! ! !
Great app , would be nice if you could change tags on mobile version .
can t figure out how to change a board cover after the update ,
I doubt they even posted them .
Obviously Pinterest is having spam issues .
Please clear them up .
Every since I updated to iOS7 , this app crashes my whole iPad .
Please fix because I don t like using Pinterest on a browser .
Please fix this .
Please fix it .
How do you change the board cover ?
However , you guys forgot to add the follow count for individual boards .
It crashes about five times a day , when it IS working it is awesome .
Hopefully the crashing has been fixed when there are a few open pages .
\\n\\nAlso , why did you remove the number of pins we have per board ?
Please pay attention the the negative feedback .
So what happened to the option of saving photos from Pinterest directly to the camera roll on iPads ?
Totally counterintuitive and just makes things really difficult .
It is not not_user not_friendly to navigate , and there is an issue where I can t pin something because the pin button is out of reach .
Now I can t email pins and upgrade is sluggish .
Please put it back !
And please add tags bc the search feature becomes useless when my description just says cute or adorable and I have to search my entire board to find something .
About half of attempted re pins fail , the hide & amp ; seek bottom dock is a real pain to use , and it much , much harder to navigate in general than the older version .
Please bring back the last version or let us down grade from this atrocious unusable fail .
They just need to update the layout I fill like everything is hidden I want a better task bar .
This version has crashed many more times than previous ones .
boards/subjects should have some type of restrictions or distinguishing key phrases .
No more crashes , and I m happy once again .
App is crashing when trying to send a direct message via email .
The look is bland , and apparently Pinterest has forgotten tons of their pinners are DIY and crafting nuts.as you can probably can tell , I may have a slight problem with Pinterest .
Just PLEASE fix it , then I will love you so .
Please fix this .
Love the app but when I open the notifications it crashes .
Please know I adore this app .
Just please fix this bug .
But is there a way for used to filter out certain topics , like tattoos and wedding dresses ?
So , the app is totally worthless to me when I am doing everything right and it s not not_working .
I updated my iPhone app and now when I open the app all the pages are blank .
BSRA1028 , I love this app but ever since I updated it it does not not_work .
Please fix this very annoying and limits my use of the site .
I updated the app and now no not_pins not_will show in the news feed or in the categories .
Please fix it !
I m quite annoyed and would really like them to fix this situation .
Please fix this because otherwise I LOVE this app but it is useless to me if I can t view ANYTHING !
Please restore a way to open pin links in external browser or let us save photos .
I just wish that you could have more secret boards .
Any app that crashes is terrible .
Pinterest crashes your iPad to the boot screen .
I can t think of one instance of another app doing this .
If I had to say there was a problem it would be that this app is too addicting ! ! ! ! ! !
This needs to be fixed .
The addition of secret boards was a great idea !
If only every pin had a direct link to how to buy it or the items inside .
Where are the categories ?
I use this for home and work just to get new ideas .
I love this app but I would also love if they added a way you can see pins people sent you & amp ; pins you sent to other people !
I love seeing what others ideas are .
The app crashes my iPad since iOS 7 update .
What happened ?
Please bring that back .
Please bring back the save to camera roll .
Prior to newest update : Love app , only problem is sometimes when I want to pin , it won t let me click pin .
It has everything I need ! !
BUT ... every time I go to a website from a pin then come back , it crashes ! ! !
Can t email cause it crashes every time .
Please repost the old one so we can downgrade .
Except how do I change my board cover pin ?
So glad they added a business profile !
I just love all the personalizing you can do .
I can t find any help on the devloper s pages or online , so what am i to do ?
Please bring back the old .
Please change it back , I hate everything about it !
Still crashes since updated my iPad 3 with IOS 7 .
If you are on Pinterest ... you need this .
Seriously , I can t find them now ... .epic fail .
I am unable to post a comment ... the message I get is : `` You have exceeded your rate .
We think you were trying to post content that might be spam . ''
I love this app but now I can t open the pages and I can only see the pins but when I click on them I can t go to the websites .
I just wish it would allow your to scroll through the home page with one column rather than 2 on the iPhone .
You can pretty much anything you want to know or design in here .
\\nI need more hours in a day .
Never had issues with the app .
Now it crashes randomly , and often .
My daughter has created a bunch of items from this app !
I have had no not_problems with it .
There are so many great ideas , yummy recipes , and hillarious ecards .
It s okay , sometimes it can be buggy but since my last update I haven t had a problem !
Only issue I have is that is will refuse to let me pin once in awhile and that gets frustrating , but otherwise I love it !
I do not not_like not_how some pins lead you to a dead site , those should be removed .
I love Pintrest so much it gives me so many craft ideas or just keeps me busy when I m bored !
I don t have any problems and you can find about anything you re looking for ?
Makes it difficult to find things , since I have to try and remember WHEN I created the board , to make it easier to find .
Please fix it !
I ve also had issues with some pins not not_being not_clickable .
I love the app but it crashes every minute and never not_saves the not_thing I was about to pin !
I can t stop ,
The iPad version has several problems , including stacking open windows in the background , not not_alphabetizing not_new categories on your page , and frequent unexpected program crashes .
What ever I need some inspiration for I can surely find it here !
but since upgrading to iOS 7 , the app frequently crashes .
Please fix the stability ! !
Please fix this ASAP !
That creates a problem for me because it is my ADDICTION ! !
The latest revision of the app has had some stability problems .
But , the new update keeps crashing the app every time I try to open a pin .
Please fix it !
I love being able to use Pinterest thru the app but it seems to be having problems .
The only issue I have is that some of the pins have no not_link not_... you click the picture and that s all you get is the photo .
Amazing ideas and the imagination is endless .
Also , how in the world do you communicate with someone or send them a pin ?
It is my go to app when I need an idea .
Excellent app , though it occasionally crashes when browsing through it .
Push notifications are not not_working on my not_iphone although it s set up properly and when you open a sent pin while in email on the iPad , it forces Safari to open , it does not not_open it in the not_App .
It has everything you need !
Please fix ... .please please please ,
Adriano Plotzki , I ve been reading many tips about how to sleep without not_Pinterest , not_but I still can t do it .
I love the app , but it hate that you can t see the time while you re in it .
I learned how to pin my own pics .
Great app but newest update crashes often when pinning on my iPad .
If anyone knows how to do this please post .
Only problem for me is once I start I can t get off .
Every time I get on , it crashes and causes my iPad to restart .
It is amazing how much fun you can have with it .
Everything I ever need is right here on this app , I get soo many inspiring ideas from any category .
It appears all bugs have been fixed , but are not .
Great service almost great app\\n\\nBasic function is there but I can t wait until its fully functional !
Why is it so hard to fund menu items ?
s Next Partner : ) , ... except the fact that whenever I m in the middle of reading an extra long pin , it crashes !
Sometimes , if I ve just been on it for a while it crashes .
As much as I like to lose myself in Pinterest , I like to have some sense of time while browsing around in this app .
All your ideas , needs and wants ! !
I am one of the many who is not not_able to not_use this app .
Love Pinterest but there has been a lot if crashing since the last update .
It would be nice if one could rearrange boards on page to have categories that are similar be next to each other , or just to be able to arrange the boards on page to ones liking .
Also I have been having problems with constant crashing and pins that lead to nowhere .
Please fix this !
Get ready to find all the things you didn t even know you wanted to do/ have !
I love Pinterest but I can t open it anymore without it not_crashing .
However one frustrating development is when I m deeper into links ( say I follow a pin to its site , click on another link and want to pin from there ) the app consistently crashes .
It would be cool to see some type of messaging system integrated where you could suggest a pin to a friend or be alerted if one of your friends commented on something you pinned .
It s easy and doesn t crash often ,
Please fix this .
Please fix this !
Just love it .
Amylovescats , Don t download this app if u want to have a life outside of Pinterest .
Everything you need will be here .
I highly recommend this app !
I liked the previous version of the app , but now there are way to many advertisements that pop up when I am pinning .
The only issue is that every once in a while , it kicks me out of the app .
What did we do before Pinterest ! ?
s Team , If you have not not_tried it you not_are totally missing out .
Love Pinterest BUT app crashes quite often : / ,
I did some research and it turns out many ppl have this problem and it s a Pinterest app specific problem .
Please release an update to fix this .
No complaints whatsoever except that the app crashes from time to time on my ipad air .
Ever since the last update it crashes constantly and makes it very frustrating to use !
Ever since the latest update my iPad app crashes several times a session when clicking on specific pins .
Highly recommend this app .
However I wish there was an way to alphabetize my boards !
I greatly enjoy Pinterest , the only problem I find with it is that I can t go back to the same place I was once I click on something , while on my windows phone ,
How can u not not_LOVE not_this app ?
Now I can t open links in safari and when I look at other people s boards hardly not_any of their not_boards and pins load ( you can tell by their pin count ) .
My only complaints would be that sometimes it unexpectedly crashes , which sometimes makes me lose great pins .
I really hope you consider introducing this to the app !
Anytime you need an idea for any reason , it s here at your fingertips .
: / please fix this !
But the new update causes crashes everytime I try to open notifications ?
s iTunes , Constantly crashes my iPad !
There are a few issues I ve experienced with uploading certain pictures and being able for others to view .
However , it is crashing and shutting down the device so it must reboot .
The update crashes my iPad when I try to open a pin..but other than that I am totally obsessed with it and love all the ideas I get from it ,
Now that you added the ability to upload pics I m happy to give you 5 stars !
Why does the app always crash when I try to send a pin from my iPad ?
I liked how you could back swipe to return to the pervious page of posts now it goes to another pin .
But I wish you could move more than one pin at a time to a new board .
You can create your own boards and see what all of your friends are pinning .
Definitely recommended for anyone who is looking for a fun and productive way to pass the time .
I love selecting my favs and adding a few of my own pix .
Never had a problem with crashing ,
I can get everything I need in one place from food to crafts to funny pictures to wedding ideas .
It is amazing and I highly recommend it to anyone that hasn t tried it .
I can save things I want to see later by just pinning them .
Great app love the site only gets a 4 because I can t pin directly from iPhone and lets face who uses their computer that often anymore .
There are really good ideas for home decor , cooking , crafting , etc. , but my favorite feature is travel photos and all the amazing places one can add to one s bucket list .
This app really helps you keep organized with everything you might want to do or have done or love or want to remember .
I ve been wanting to get Pinterest on the go , and so far I ve been very happy with this app : ) I haven t had to deal with updates yet , but I love how its still just as easy to use on my iPhone as it is to use on a tablet or computer !
Now it is so frustrating ... ..crashes constantly on my iPad .
Every so many pins , searches or even pulling up my owns pins ... .it CRASHES .
Sorry before I forgot the rating .
There are so many ideas and themes ... ..you could explore forever .
Viewing so many places in the world to get `` traveling '' ideas , \\n '' how to '' fix things in your house , hair , makeup , etc. , & amp ; amazing party ideas .
\\nI can find anything from beautiful Art or photos of celebrities , flower ideas ( bouquets or arrangements ) \\nPinterest is such a helpful & amp ; useful app that I can t live without .
It has made my daily life so much easier .
No matter what you re into and what you re looking for , it s here ! !
I love that whenever I need an idea .
The only problem is that I spend so much time surfing for ideas that I run out of time to do them !
I am addicted to pinterest but when I updated it , I can t open the app or even on safari ! !
One of them was Create a Pin in Pinterest .
It crashes every time I close a pin I was looking at .
Have to copy link and open in a browser , otherwise I just get a grey screen .
The app is great , but not not_when it not_is crashing my iPad .
Ever since the update , when the screen orientation is changed , the app crashes and the iPad goes right along with it .
It repeatedly crashes and resets .
\\n\\nUpdate : this is the third update since I originally wrote this review and it s still crashing on a regular basis .
Best ideas , people are so creative and I think I m addicted !
Please continue it always .
I plan to get all my associates hooked on it .
Love love love it lots of inspiration and you can find anything you need ,
I wish you were able to create sub boards .
My entire iPad crashes when I m using Pinterest since the update .
I never have not_any not_problems with this app !
I also have a problem with it crashing .
I am addicted to Pinterest , but it is always crashing .
I just love this App !
I love pinterest I can t stop looking at stuff ! !
Sometimes I am unable to see my pins/likes/boards but it s coming along .
This app never not_fails to not_surprise me !
I love this app but it crashes my whole iPad and it has to restart itself .
Please fix this bug !
This creates a stack of open pages .
I have to manually close pages under the one I am looking at or the program will crash after just a few clicks .
I love this site , but it has been crashing since the last update .
Pinterest crash and burns harder than a Ford Pinto .
The crashing bug needs to be fixed before adding more crap we can t use .
This needs to be fixed ... .why is it you won t show my review ?
It s perfect when I m on the go and I need to look up something I ve saved .
I ve found so many good ideas and recipes and its so easy to organize them so you can use them later .
Application crashes after trying to open link up .
Please fix otherwise awesome App .
I m completely addicted and the updates have just added to my addiction .
I can t pin fast enough .
Can t open pins ! !
Never have I gotten so many ideas to be creative .
As an elementary art teacher , I could not have a not_better not_app on my phone , so many good ideas ,
The only bad thing is that it crashes quite a bit .
The app crashes entirely too much .
App constantly crashes .
If you try to send a pin to someone , pin something , viewed one of your boards app will either just crash or you get blue screen and ipad restarts itself .
My app has continually been crashing .
Please get it fixed ! ! !
I love the app , I get lots of recipes and am able to open it when I m at the grocery store and see what I need to buy for recipes and then when I m cooking its easy to follow the recipe right from my phone ! !
Love the App big time BUT after this last update , it would seem , it crashes all the time .
It s the first place I look to when I need something .
: ) the new updates on this app make it much more stable and I like you can now make Pinterest folders within the app .
I hate it when it crashes my iPad though & amp ; has been difficult to open pins at times .
The one thing that is missing & amp ; something I d like to see is red light notifications like the website version has .
With the new iOS and app update , I can t open ANY of my pins , or any of the links in safari through the app .
I totally recommend it ! ! !
Pintrest is the greatest , all ideas are great , just need clear and full recipes .
I am so disappointed with the Pinterest IPad App at how it continues to crash when attempting to open the pinned links .
Please fix this as soon as possible , as this app played an important role in my leisure time .
The ideas are endless .
Can t open pictures to view larger and on the rare when I can , I can t open the URL .
Please fix it !
Addictive app filled with craft ideas and step by step tutorials on how to create them .
Just love it !
Who needs a cookbook anymore when I have Pinterest !
I have had op problems with this app .
Save all your `` how to '' videos in one place ; all your renovation ideas ; party planning ideas ; dream decorating ideas ; plan for what to do in your garden next year .
However , it does not not_always not_work ( when I absolutely know I have a pin with that word in the description ) .
If I just had time to make all the projects that I ve been pinning .
Perhaps that could be accomplished by pinning less and not_doing not_more ! !
Love Pinterest BUT apparently me and every other user are having the EXACT same problem .
EVERY time we attempt to click on a pin to retrieve further information , it crashes ( force closes ) not only the not_app not_but the iPad too !
Never had this problem until the last update !
I love it that you can post your favorite things to a personal board .
I love Pinterest but the ap occasionally crashes when I m browsing .
I know how to move a pin from one board to another , however I agree with another pinner that a delete pin option might be helpful without not_having to not_go to through the edit option .
I love this app for humor and DIY its an awesome app , but it crashes sometimes I have a feeling they will fix this and make my review a five outa five ,
Occasionally it crashes but you re going to have that with most apps out there .
That being said , however , it constantly crashes on my iPad .
App is great , it just consistently crashes if I get about 3 boards deep into what attracts me .
Please fix this bug and you would get a better review .
But when you try to post thing it don t show the full picture until it go back to Pintrest to see the full view of something .
Only problem is that you ll spend too much time on it !
So like how they ask which board you want it in , just have the option to add another board .
It is convenient too because if you have pinned a recipe you can look it up in the store to see what ingredients you need .
I love Pinterest so much because it has allowed me to get rid of bunches of do it yourself type magazines all over my house and pulling pages and adding them to an out of control binder .
I spend a lot of time finding new ideas of how to wear my hair or what to wear or a neat craft or cool ideas of how to design my home .
It has everything you need , with the instructions ! !
So , if you don t already have pinterest , you really need to get it .
Pinterest has become one of my go to sources for anything I need to find or research .
Never crashes .
Once you create an account for this you will already become addicted !
It lets me do everything I need to on Pinterest .
You can find any and everything on pintrest i just love it !
Love the product , but the app crashes my iPad at least once per session .
I have made several christmas gifts I found on Pinterest already this 2013 season !
\\n* My Previous review*\\nI m pleasantly pleased with the selection of items I have available to pin and the categories to choose from .
I like having secure boards so that I can pin things that I making for surprises for others or things that I just don t want everybody else seeing .
Great app , but there is a bug that keeps closing the ipad .
I love Pinterest , when you need ideas this is the place to look !
Not happy that I have all these great pins pinned , but then can t find most of them when I use the search function .
Please fix this !
You can find almost anything you need , an interesting recipe , how to make just about anything .
Pinterest is useful for aggregating things that are interesting and useful , but the app crashes A LOT .
Constantly crashes and reboots my iPad .
Having some crashing problems on ipad .
It may have taken a while but finally Pinterest is a full blown browser with all the functionality you would expect ; pin it , like it , share it , it s all here wether on your iPhone or on your desktop .
It s an amazing app , but it crashes sometimes ,
For some reason I am suddenly not not_able to not_open and pins or links through safari !
Please fix ASAP !
This latest update continues to crash when I m looking at pins .
\\nWish there was a way to move pins from one board to another to stay organized .
Cuts off and app itself crashes constantly on iPad and iPhone .
Pinterest makes it possible to see all the best and brightest ideas before you post your own weak efforts .
It s soo addictive ... once you get on you can t stop pinning ! ! !
ksgar , Recently the app has been crashing causing my iPad to totally restart .
I love Pintrest but I wish I knew how to change a spelling error in the board name , or how to delete the board .
It would also be nice if it could somehow let you know you had already pinned a duplicate , so it cold be removed immediately from that board !
When I need a break from daily tasks , this is my `` go to '' app !
But hate that sometimes it will just crash for no not_reason ! ! !
The only problem is sometimes I get a notice that the picture is too small and it will not not_pin , not_frustrating when there is not not_another not_photo like Food Network ,
It crashes a lot ! ! !
When you hold down on a pin , it lets you pick to pin it , love it , or share it .
The app is easy to use although it crashes sometimes on my iPad .
I just love Pinterest I wish I knew how to connect faster to Facebook and Facebook to Pinterest .
Full of great information , design ideas , lots of humor , things for the entire family , and even the man in my life has come to enjoy it adding the app to his cell .
But sometimes when I try to pin something the app closes .
The latest version crashes .
Everything a girl needs to know or wants to find out about is on Pinterest .
We are planning a wedding and this service has proven invaluable to share ideas and inspiration with collaborators who travel often .
This app should be required on every persons phone .
Everyone should have a Pinterest account .
I hope they send another update to fix it .
I hardly not_ever have not_problems with it .
Pinterest makes me excited about my job and from it I have tried at least 20 new recipes and made countless gifts and crafts .
Can t open in Safari and crashes regularly .
One major issue I have is that it keeps crashing my iPad !
Please fix this issue !
Anything you need to know about or do , just put in the subject and you get all the information you need .
The newest update causes Pinterest to crash every few minutes .
\\nOnly problem is I could get lost spending time on Pinterest for hours ?
The way I used to clip ideas out of magazines or search for things online is completely irrelevant !
Everything I love is organized my way and accessible when I need it !
I have so many ideas , projects , and inspirations saved that now I just need time to do them all !
It s a great way to burn some time when you have nothing else better to do .
Highly recommend it !
Haven t had any problems !
However it freezes up , won t load , or fails to open sometimes .
\\nAfter update there is lot of bugs its turning off and restarting iPad , freeze sometimes when I m scrolling so its needed to be fixed soon impossible to use app in this amount of crash after 5mnt its crashing ,
But lately it crashes my iPad constantly .
I m writing this review on my iPhone because my iPad has completely crashed to the point where my iPad won t come on .
Please fix this and I will restore the 5 star status .
Not only does it crash the App , it makes my iPad reboot ! ! !
Whenever a pin is opened and sometimes for no not_apparent not_reason the app crashes and I have to wait for my iPad to reload .
This is an issue that has developed with the latest update .
It is way more interesting than Facebook , but it has issues crashing constantly .
Also I can t open pins , and it has issues loading pins in the home feed and in different categories .
When I would use the site this didn t happen .
What s all the dang crying about ?
I can spend hours on it and forget time ! ! !
I love the Pinterest app and think the various updates have really made for measurable , gradual improvement , but this latest incarnation is routinely crashing .
I d say it crashes 2 3 times a day .
Don t need to rip pages from my magazines anymore ! ! ! ! !
After Pinterest I just want to discover things , making boards of my favorite things , reading about how to make things , about my `` interests '' .
I just love it ! ! ! !
Please fit this ... it is super frustrating not to not_be not_able to open anything ! !
Do not not_bother .
Please fix this very anticipated app .
I can t even get it to load and it crashes every time .
It s hard to give my most frequently used app less not_than not_five stars , but it crashes all the time .
It is just not not_very not_robust if I can cause it to crash every day I use it .
With latest update now frequently crashes when trying to follow links to websites once crashed iPad altogether , not just not_app !
Then I realized that I could have it on my phone .
\\n\\nI would like to see profiles a bit more personalized ( i.e . Communication between members , options to display successful diy ) ,
Pinterest app is crashing my iPad ... hard !
Only complaint is that sometimes the app freezes and tells me there s no more not_pins not_available and it takes a whole for the app to refresh when that message appears .
I love Pinterest but it s constantly crashing .
App crashed .
The only problem I have and the reason I didn t give it 5 stars is because lately Pinterest has been booting me out of their site on my iPad n iPhone 5 .
Please fix that because it s getting to b very annoying .
It would be better if you could see one pin at a time and swipe to get to the next .
Pinterest in itself is a great idea .
One thing I d suggest is to allow us to open the linked page in safari .
I love how you can create boards and pin your favorite things .
It constantly crashes and usually won t bring up the last place you were pinning from .
Hard to figure out how to post pins so everyone can see the to like .
Never had a problem with it .
I never have not_any not_issues with it .
I just love it recommend it to everyone ,
Whenever I m using the app on my iPad and I am looking at the website where the picture came from the app crashes and closes and I have to reopen it .
It has made my life that much sweeter and I m a crafty genius according to my family lol .
It all started with how you could hold a pin and you have the option of repinning it sending it or liking it .
The only con is that it crashes sometimes , but way less not_than not_previous versions .
Tristian Jackson , The app works well , though , it has had issues linking up at times .
Ideas are endless , recipes are great as well as all of the crafts and handmade items .
It crashes my ipad .
Love it but it crashes my entire device when I get on not just the not_app not_but my iPad shuts all the way down only when I m using the Pinterest app .
There are always new ideas , trick , and crafts to try .
The first place I come when I need ideas !
My favorite part of the app is that now you can pin new stuff easily from the web ( not as not_easily not_from computer though , which is annoying ) .
The app , however , very frequently crashes and causes my iPad to restart !
I just recently got married and pinterest helped me plan my wedding with all the fantastic ideas and crafts .
I use it to collect and organize information I intend to use now or in the near future .
\\n\\nIf you re not on not_Pinterest , not_then you are missing out !
Would rate 5 except for all the bugs Please fix bugs ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Jhkhd , I can t open any pins within the app .
It is like a ton of awesome treasure you just have to sort through it and find what suits your taste !
Thank you for adding the `` slideshow '' feature I had suggested in the past , I love it .
No need to have magazine photos and clipped recipes in boxes or notebooks .
\\n\\nUPDATE 4/9/13 : I m still having issues : ( I can t seem to tag anyone ( when I tag someone it changes once I hit The Pin button !
\\n\\nUpdate : I am still having problems .
However , it seems to have a bug where it crashes every time I try to send pins .
I m just having a problem where every time I try and send a pin directly to someone , the app crashes .
Also sometimes the app just randomly crashes for no not_reason .
I just love this app .
Actually , before Pinterest I didn t know how to cook .
After downloading iOS 7 , Pinterest crashes my iPad constantly .
I wish you were able to move your boards around so like your more important boards could be right on top : / that would really help ! !
I think they might need to have support groups for people , like myself , who are obsessed with it .
Please put it back the way it was .
I just wish it wasn t so addicting ! ! !
I love this app , but it crashes ALL the time !
I love pinning , but when it crashes every few minutes it becomes quite irritating and then I end up on Facebook instead .
Why did I wait so long to look at this site ?
Just like the website .
Just wish there were no not_Pinterest not_fails !
I just did the latest update that is supposed to allow maps or something and now I can t launch to sites from pins and if I try to search a name to send a pin to , the app crashes and closes on me .
The app worked great until I updated it and now it closes ALL the time .
That has been very frustrating , I can hardly not_look at not_things anymore and can t share/send pins at all now .
All I need to keep myself amused .
Every time it get into it it not only not_crashes the not_app , but reboots my ipad also !
So frustrating though I can t access the link so why bother pinning recipes when you can t see them later ?
Only drawback is you can t move a pin from one board to another if you decide to create a new board : ( If you could it would be awesome .
Would also be nice to be able to rearrange the order of your boards .
Now please fix the last update ! !
I have nothing else to say other than this app is the best .
However , on occasion I do have problems with the app such as it just all of a sudden shuts down & amp ; my home screen pops up !
I don t just pin , I actually have done many things that I have liked !
And NOT failed !
This is so helpful for finding decor , projects for the kids , outfits..you name it ! !
Totally defeats the purpose for pinning recipes , unless you like to look at food you can t make .
Now I can t open pins in the app or with Safari on my iphone .
I have an iPhone 4 , but updated iOS so not not_sure not_what the real issue is here .
I have the same problems on my iPad it will look like it s going to open and then close , or close while I m trying to get to the link in the pin or close while I m attempting to pin .
But PLEASE learn from someone who didn t familiarize herself early on with how all the rest of it works , and has ended up with a confusing mess that she can t seem to do anything with .
Just needs to fix the error no not_pins not_available .
And I wish there was a way to delete things from a board without not_deleting the not_entire board .
No other way to put it , it s the best thing ever !
Yeah it freezes randomly and then crashes around fifteen percent of the time but other than that I love it !
How can I remove people ?
I know how to report and block people , but these girls are fighting with me on another pin .
It creates too much spam .
Please make it to where I can delete people period ! !
With recent update it is crashing constantly , please fix soon .
Why do I have to sin in on the net multi times a day ? ?
Ver happy with ideas and sources very creative sometimes links are not not_available and not_is dissapointing ,
This is all I need !
Please , please , please fix them !
I post all my creative projects on here and get inspired to do other ones .
And just finished my first pinterest project last night , more to do on the way !
Love the pictures and ideas available to use .
Although the app has problems sometimes I love the Pinterest website as a whole !
I have made recipes that were shared on the site , done crafts I have seen shared , and even gotten some great advice on house cleaning .
Only a small hiccup when I first updated it .
More useful than just learning how to do DIY ornaments .
I love being able to find gift ideas , holiday decoration tips , fashion trends & amp ; party planning how to s all in one place ! !
It crashes every so often but it works 98 % of the time .
It s worth the download and I just love the update !
I use this app on my iPad n phone , lately it s not not_working as not_good on my iPad when I try to look into pins it cuts me off and my iPad just crushes , kind of shutting down : ( that happened a couple of weeks ago .
I totally didn t understand how to follow ppl or post stuff .
Eww pandora , My Pinterest literally crashes every 3 minutes or less not_when not_I m navigating through the app .
Please fix this .
I love Pinterest but when people comment on our pins you need to let us delete other comments besides ours please fix this .
It even crashes my ipad and it has to be restarted ! ! ! !
briana83 , I love this app , except that I am unable to open links within the app .
They stay in the order you create them .
It is so interesting to see what crafts and decor ideas there are out there .
I like having my recipes and links portable .
I LOVE Pinterest and would love the app even more if it didn t have so many bugs .
\\n\\nA big negative is you can t magnify your posts or pictures .
If the app doesn t crash when I attempt to open a pin , then more often than not , the not_pin just not_won t load and I end up with a gray screen .
I use it all the time and never have not_any not_problems with it .
I can be planning a project and then ... .my Ipad reboot ! !
I don t need to browse dozens of sites for food , fashion , crafts , weddings , etc .
It s all right here !
Problem is it runs my battery down because once I get on it I forget all sense of time lol ,
I wish it could simplify how to post stuff to their site with an ipad or computer , and also wish it s easier to do the sharing between punters still have yet to figure that out .
I have made recipes from here .
I love this app , but it only gets 4 stars because it should have unlimited secret boards not just not_3 ,
Every time I try to pin something from my phone or iPad s camera roll it crashes on me .
Pinterest is so helpful and useful I love the recipes and decor ideas and the fun facts on how to get rid of fleas it s the best ,
Also , on the iPad version you see how many followers each board has , why can t you see that on the ipod app ?
Pinterest provides a daily dose of artistic inspiration .
It also creates anticipation before I visit a city for the first time ,
Why didn t someone think of this sooner ! ?
\\n\\nNever had any issues with functionality of the app either .
I use Pinterest every time I need to find a reference to paint or draw from , and the nifty DIY crafts are great , not to not_mention the not_memes and jokes .
It crashes my iPad .
Love pinterest because you find many ideas of for example what dress you want for a special event or how to do a pro makeup !
I have used it to plan a wedding , store decorating ideas , workouts , and more .
But since the new update , I can t log in at all .
First off ; when you click on a pin , it just opens the pin full screen , it doesn t take you to the original content .
\\n\\nThere s a 50/50 chance that Pinterest s craptastic internal browser will freeze or crash at this point .
Ironically , I only installed this app because the website crashes Safari constantly .
I expected to be able to scroll until I get back to what I ve already seen .
Just what an addict needs right ?
Please fix this !
Please fix that !
It crashes from time to time but nothing major .
Pinterest crashes for me constantly !
Really wish it could be fixed so I can happily pin my little heart away !
Why do I love it so much ?
\\n\\nCon s\\nPasting url s between browsers is problematic , the links to blogs are often broken because blogs roll , posted links are often to advertising pages\\n\\nThanks Pinterest for giving me something I didn t know I was missing !
I don t like that it crashes a lot .
However lately I am unable to get information about the photos .
So what is the point ?
Also I am unable to quickly navigate to MY board ?
Haven t had a single problem with this app ,
Rarely has problems , awesome app .
By the way , is there a way to correct or delete an incorrect pin ?
If this was available to me 13 years ago .
It crashes not only the not_app , not_but the entire ipad .
I loved this app before the update but now it doesn t let me open any links and crashes every time I use it .
mlmpooka , I am not not_able to not_open the pins in safari .
This takes away from the DIY actually learning how to do certain crafts .
Please fix this !
It has everything inspirational and everything you need to do it yourself !
I just love Pinterest and everything about it .
I just wish you could swipe through the pictures .
Wish it didn t pop off the screen so much when I m trying to use it but that s probably a IPad problem !
I use it all the time especially when I need some inspiration !
It would be nice to buy the clothes , lol ,
Overall I d say this app does what it needs to do .
I spend nearly 3 hours a day browsing through pins and adding my own web gems .
The only way around this is to open the pin in my email and allow the app to open with the pin already loaded .
Please fix it and I will change my rating .
\\n What I love about Pinterest is that it s like reading a magazine of anything in the world you can think of .
Whenever I need to make something I always refer to Pinterest , I love it !
If you want a place where you can find things in your areas of interest and get exposed to a broad range of items and ideas , this is how to do it .
I post recipes to a board to dinner ideas and my hubby goes through them each week and picks what he wants !
I can t open links for pinned items anymore .
What good is a pin board if I can t open a pin and make a recipe , create a craft ? !
I recommend Pinterest to everyone .
I really love this app but it has a lot of technical issues when pinning certain things , trying to pin from the browser , and just crashes randomly .
Every time I find something I need to look at it shuts down ! ! !
Please fix this !
But with this version , it crashes every five minutes .
Can t open a link without it not_crashing .
This app is missing a few things that I absolutely LOVE on the site .
That s one of the things that makes the site so amazing , you understood the addicts needs and supported them .
However , it would be nice to have a `` favorite boards '' feature where you could designate 3 5 boards to be at the top of the list .
The only thing I would change is it needs to be a little easier to post things from Safari .
Other than that I ve made some meals from this site and they were a success !
I love that you can pin almost anything you see on the internet or from your phone !
Love the graphics and excellent for boredom but only problem is not not_able to not_hurry up loading .
Previous versions crashed a lot , but it hasn t been a problem for me lately .
There are so many cute , helpful , creative , etc ideas on this site .
When I m using it on my iPad it is always crashing very annoying !
I haven t noticed it crashing on my Galaxy S4 .
Don t like that you can always open a pin up .
I ve sent out a problem report and it s still not not_working .
\\nPlease if you can clear that up you ll have five stars from me .
It occasionally crashes but not not_enough to not_bother me much .
I have used it for so many things , from recipes to ideas and it has never not_failed me ! !
I just love this .
\\nI would have given 5stars but sometimes crashes when trying to pin , but I use it daily .
Top utilization rates by my typical market increases my ability to find ideas quickly ; crafts , recipes , clothing , inspiration , and overall ideas are easily accessible via this app .
Most fav thing ever but lately has been crashing a lot ,
I like how I can create secret boards to pin gift ideas to without my not_family not_seeing .
Just love Pinterest .
Please fix this .
Please fix this : ( ,
I am having issues with my app crashing every time I open it .
I try to restart it and it still does not not_work .
The only thing I don t understand is why they made changes again .
I find myself wasting time on it when I need some `` me time '' !
It is all here and more .
Often it crashes my whole iPad !
Not only that , but since I updated it , I can t even use Pinterest through Safari anymore .
No matter what subject I am looking for Pinterest always has an amazing amount of information available .
The biggest problem is it tends to be rather addicting !
But it would be nice if you could turn phone and expand screen for those of us that don t see so well ,
Pinterest is one of those apps that is a bit addictive you can always just pull it out and BAM ! ! !
You have a bunch of answers to questions you haven t even began to ask it shows DIY crafts , how to wear outfits ( properly ) and tons of different hairstyles and if you go to humor it has lots of different quotes and stuff I definitely recommend getting Pinterest you ll be happy you did ?
Never had a problem !
One minor flaw is every so often it will shut down and tell me there are no not_pins not_available .
How did I ever live without not_Pinterest not_?
This app crashes on the iPad mini but works fine on the iPhone .
I m glad that the app keeps getting better and better ... less not_need to not_use the full site now !
Thanks to this app , all I need is my iPad and imagination !
Great ideas for anything u may be interested in .
It provides so much inspiration and information .
The only complaint I have is that sometimes the links to the posts do not not_work or not_take you to another location .
Please update & amp ; change this ASAP !
what did we do before Pinterest existed ?
I enjoy using the app but it crashes often ,
Please fix the bugs .
App crashes frequently and I can no longer not_upload my not_own pictures .
I could spend hours just pinning things .
It has never not_crashed or not_been a bother .
This app is amazing you can find so many things on it or post some recipes you find online you want to try some time !
Sometimes all I get is colored squares and am unable to view the pins .
However , the app crashes periodically , which is very frustrating because I loose my place and loose the photo I was looking at .
Just used a recipe for BBQ Beef it was excellent .
At least once a day the app crashes sometimes so much that it completely reboots my device .
The current version of Pinterest constantly crashes not only the not_app , not_but it also crashes the iPad as well .
I need an intervention !
I love this app but wish you could do a search of your own pins .
It has never not_crashed on me and not_always makes every thing quick and easy ! ! !
There are so many collective ideas that makes me want to shop , be crafty , buy makeup , dream of beautiful homes .
Sometimes cuts off , or you can t pin from a website .
I have learned to cook , to eat right and how to do all sorts of crafty projects from this site that I would never have not_come not_up with on my own .
I like the app , but it crashes my ipad nearly every time I use it .
Please fix it .
Sometimes I need a little me time and that is my Pintrest .
This app keeps crashing , please fix .
I just wish it wasn t so addicting ! !
Pinterest crashes every time within 10 minutes after launch , and it forces my iPad to restart too !
It crashes my iPad frequently .
Please fix this !
My only complaint is that it crashes after I click on a pin to go to the website & amp ; then try to close that page and go back to my home page .
It does have crash problems .
Great App , not not_so not_sure about the newest update , too much going on and it crashes too much .
The app is good but with all the recent updates it just crashed more and more and what s the point of having a app that taking up a bunch of storage if your not not_going to not_use it because you can t. ,
Why pin a recipe if I can t open the website to see it ?
IT S REALLY COOL FOR ANYTHING YOU MIGHT BE INTERESTED IN .
Whether you want to find recipes , art , or a fancy dress , this app will help you out .
\\nThere are bugs .
Can t get enough of this app , love it ! ! !
Finding that some pinners feel the need to pin nude and sexually explicit images publicly where children can access ... this needs to be aggressively monitored .
Just love this app .
I juste thing some time i need to have the full receipt not not_juste the not_picture .
I really enjoy this site but please make some serious upgrades to the stability I the app/website .
I ve pinned humorous things just for a laugh .
Very frustrated , please fix .
If you want to know how to make something , do something , decorate something , or just be inspired .
When I am able to open links , it crashes my entire iPad when I try to close the link and continue browsing pins .
My mother has the same problem on her iPad .
Please fix this issue .
My entire iPad crashes when I use the app only app that s ever caused this problem for me !
They added categories !
Did I mention how much I love this site ?
Congrats to whoever thought it up , you deserve the money you have made , lol .
Please fix it so it doesn t randomly close on me thanks .
Can t use it , keeps crashing !
However , with this new update I can t open any of the links to see the website/tutorials/information ! !
Although it may make you wish you could have a do over for major events of your life , just so you could incorporate that pin you just found .
It crashes a lot but other than that it s a good app : ) ,
I can stay on here all day just finding wonderful things .
Unfortunately there seems to be a bug in the latest release because every time I try to send a pin to someone , I get booted from the app .
It is so easy to use and navigate , I haven t had it crash on me yet ,
Dear Pinterest , \\nWhen you added the pin from `` places '' option , we lost the ability to pin from our photos .
Please fix this !
Quick & amp ; efficient when u need a recipe or a creative boost .
If I need ideas for holiday decorations , recipes , fitness routines , or outfit ideas , Pinterest is my go to app .
The only thing I can say May need added would be the ability to drag and drop from one board to another .
But then I added others that now need sorted into another category .
I just think it needs some adjustments .
It crashes .
I can not not_go not_hours on there without it not_crashing at not_least twice .
How do I get rid of the giant map in the full version ?
1099pdx , The only criticism I have is I wish you could browse the web to pin .
I love this app so much I am hooked I don t know what I would do with out this app thank u so much who ever made this app ,
I I still don t know how to pin something on the internet ( on my IPad ) that does not have the not_`` not_P '' on the page .
Can not not_get not_enough I just wish your boards would hold more stuff ! !
I love this app but it is constantly crashing and causing major problems with my ipad crashing .
It gives you so many great ideas , it had helped me plan my wedding .
Pinterest gives me my daily dose of everything I need .
Love Pinterest , but the app is constantly crashing after a while .
It even crashed and restarted my iPhone a few times .
Anyone who thinks Pinterest is only for women , does not not_know not_how to use it !
Lately it crashes when I try to view my notifications .
My only issue is the loading time for the web browser inside the app .
Still learning how to use it but it s been awesome so far .
The app is fun but at times it still kicks me out and now it crashes my iPad .
Do not not_like not_newest version which is sad because I used it all the time .
One suggestion , please tweak so the app doesn t crash on iPad .
I have a first generation iPad and I have given up using Pinterest on it because it often crashes when I try to open a pin .
This is one of my favorite apps , but as of recently I can barely do anything without it not_freezing or not_crashing .
Please please please fix this , before I throw my iPad through the window !
The idea is just great simple and great !
Pure awesomeness , whether Im searching for ideas for my baby s nursery , recipes or just need a good laugh ; its awesome .
I recommend the app .
Nothing else need to be said .
Haven t had any problems with it recently .
It is a good app for a fun site , but it tends to crash and close .
s Korner , I love this concept , but with a recent update to the app , it crashes eight out ten times I click on something .
But not not_fond of the not_way it will update a page while your scrolling and it messes up your spot .
Please fix this ! !
However , it continues to crash my whole iPad and this has happened at least twice a week .
The app crashed on me before and totally disabled my iPod that the apple techs couldn t get it to work .
I have to delete and get it again to update it .
I haven t had any issues .
I just can t stop ! ! !
You need to have this app on your phone .
I love Pinterest but after updating to new iOS and newest version of app , this is crashing my fairly young iPad .
Please fix , or what is the point ?
I no longer have to not_deal with not_website bookmarks or printed paper ... and everything is organized based on how I think it should be !
However , since the new iOS came out sometimes the app crashes my iPad and makes it completely restart itself .
For years I planned to start a vision board and because of this app , I don t only have a vision board I have a place to organize my goals and ideas .
Perfect app for when you have nothing to do .
You need this on your phone .
App AND website require easier account switching ( Twitter app is good example ) ,
It s great not not_too not_many problems .
I have yet to have a problem with the app , I prefer the app over using the website on a computer .
I just love all my pins and ideas I get from others .
I love this app for creative ideas and recipes that I try and inevitably fail but have a genuinely great time attempting !
\\n\\nWhen really they need to add a button that indicates that pin has been done by self and put into a new folder for quick easy finding of ones you made , cook , etc . \\n\\nThis I think would make the app more enjoyable ( in my opinion ) that way you don t have to search back pins and pins back to find the one you previously made : ) ,
I have made so many things I have found in here and I am not a not_`` not_crafty person '' at all ! !
From diy cleaning ideas to dream home inspiration and landscaping , you have it all .
Need the former Like function back , please .
The PIN button needs to be back at the bottom for easy access ,
It s the first place I go to get any ideas I need ! ! !
However , it crashes often .
Please fix it I love Pinterest !
I want to give it a 5 but can t because there is a major issue .
So , the next update needs to seriously address this issue .
However , when I updated the app recently , all of my boards were deleted .
However it crashes several times .
When I need inspiration , I go on Pinterest .
I love this app but this latest update constantly crashes every time I m on it .
Nearly every time I close a window or pin , App crashes and I have to reopen app and start completely over in search or in again finding what I d already found .
Love Pinterest but it is crashing my entire ipad .
Vickieaj , I love Pinterest , I love that everything is categorized and you can create your own `` folders '' .
But hate that it continually crashes on my iPad .
But , I wonder why some people follow my boards when we clearly have no not_common not_pins ?
I like the app , but crashes a lot .
Sometimes it will crash upon opening repeatedly , and the last update did not not_change not_this .
Also , the last update added a locations option which I find completely useless .
Love Pinterest , but lately it s crashing every few minutes .
This latest version crashes hard on my new iPad and has been causing a reboot at least once a day .
I recommend it to everyone ! !
Love the app . . . EXCEPT that it is crashing way too often and it does not not_appear that a not_fix is forthcoming , has been doing this forever and I do not not_understand not_why there has been no not_fix !
Super helpful ideas and advice are only a tap away !
The only problem is that it sometimes crashes with too much use .
Please fix the problem if possible .
It s not just the not_app that not_crashes , it s the entire iPad and it happens without not_fail at not_least once every time I use the app .
I love Pinterest but you have to fix this issue !
Program usually crashes .
Love pinterest , but the app never not_works not_right .
Love this app but it crashes frequently !
Love the pinterest app but it frequently crashes so that s annoying .
I just need more hours to try everything !
jlh_1978 , Can t open any links .
Accessing the original website from the pin is not not_working .
It crashes every time I try .
I have yet to think of a recipe , craft , random topic , that could not not_be not_found on Pinterest .
There are some instances when there is no not_link to the not_pin or when the app `` crashes '' and sends me back to my app page .
And when you need inspiration for your 2 yr old class ! ! !
How did I ever plan anything before I found Pinterest !
I love Pinterest but it s constantly crashing & amp ; causing the app & amp ; my iPad to COMPLETELY shut down ! ! !
Please fix this problem ! !
s app , 1 , 3BearClaw5 , I didn t use to have problems with it , but now it always crashes my iPad and will close the app suddenly sometimes .
One of the best apps for Ipad I have never not_had a not_problem and super easy to use .
Please fix these bugs !
The only problem I have w/this is how much of my time it consumes : / ,
It crashes occasionally but that may be the fault of my phone .
The app is great but if it does not not_work not_what good is it !
Good app to get ideas for how to make all kinds of things .
Love to be able to have this on the go , especially if I m at Jo Anne s and need to remember what I need for a craft !
If haven t already been using this than you are missing out .
Alas , beginning last night around 11pm , Pinterest started telling me there were no not_pins not_available .
Please fix this and provide an upgrade .
It s not my not_phone that not_s the problem . )
Perfect app that works well 24/7 ; I ve never not_had a not_problem ,
First , it crashes frequently .
Fifth , and WORSE , items do not even not_get not_pinned to the correct boards ! !
Please fix it ASAP ... 5 days later : no not_positive not_changes I can see .
Love it , but it crashes all the time and when I m on the internet on it the app will just close and get rid of the page .
Highly recommend this app , you will discover tons of new and interesting things .
If you ve tried something and it failed , you should be able to tell other pinners .
Since the last update , the app crashes and restarts me entire device when trying to pin or click on the `` X '' for pins .
4 big functionality improvements needed so one doesn t need Tumblr , Twitter etc : only PINTEREST !
the only problem with this app is that it is way too addictive !
Hasn t crashed and I don t have any trouble with it ( aside from getting distracted at times ) .
This is the best place ever to look for ideas for children crafts , crocheting there s not not_anything that you not_can t find on this web page .
Great organizing of themes and interests and unbelievable collection and array of content available .
However , I have constant problems with the app rebooting my iPad all the time , particularly if I double click someone s pin to view the original website .
I gave it four only because it crashes too often .
If I go to a linked pin , I have a 50/50 chance of it crashing .
Please fix it !
So many things , remedies , crafts , ideas , whatever you need ! ! !
I really do enjoy this app and haven t had any major issues with it .
Please fix ASAP .
Awesome , the only thing that I have a problem with it is that it keeps crashing .
It has also saved me loads of money because I used to be a magazine hoarder but now I just use Pinterest : ) ,
Please put boards , followers , and following in alphabetical order .
There s so many ideas I can t wait to try !
Rick Watts , This app is soooo good I can t stop once I m on there .
But I can t open pins !
This app is great fun & amp ; many interesting things but if you go from board to board , it crashes .
It crashes every few SECONDS ! ! !
There are so many great recipes and crafty ideas on here !
And it s available at home or while waiting at my kids various activities and games !
I plan to make a ton of homemade Christmas gifts this year !
It sometimes crashes but other wise pretty good ,
It did have some issues before this recent update , liking shutting down randomly , which was horrible as you d loose everything you had just done .
As with ALL apps , there will be minor bugs and issues that require an update/fix but aside from that .
I m having trouble figuring out the navigation and how to escape back to the page I came from .
I have no not_problems with not_new update .
I just love Pinterest , it s the best way to get ideas and save them .
I love looking at all the outfits and fashion ideas and I have made several recipes that I got from pinterest !
No need to fill those empty hours with social interaction .
Safari click throughs from a pin crash the app .
Never had a problem , until upgrade !
Did some research and found that this is a major unresolved problem with many users .
I love Pinterest but the new update needs some bugs fixed !
Sometimes when you go to pin it will close which I can t stand !
Love the app too , works well , occasionally crashes when you have a large number of pics in your cache , but as long as you clear it regularly , it is awesome .
Rarely have problems with it .
Works great , never not_crashes and not_I could spend hours on it !
The only reason I didn t give 5 stars is because lately the app crashes a lot .
Still has a few bugs that need to be fixed , like closing while trying to pin something , but otherwise I love Pinterest !
If your like me , and need some creative help once in a while , this app is just for you !
It crashes a lot ,
The only complaint is that after the last update it crashes all the time and I can not not_open my not_pins .
I don t have any issues ,
There are so many great ideas for just about any search topic !
\\n\\nUpdate : It s getting better , but still crashes sporadically .
I love that you can create boards for anything you re interested in , follow people with similar interests and create you re own pins .
The iPhone version isn t as good , but works when you need to charge your iPad , lol !
I just love it ! !
It has something for everyone and once your in , you can t stop !
Pinterest has made homes , weddings , people , and businesses more beautiful everywhere !
I love that I can use it for anything , especially a cook book .
Simply Pinterest it and you ll find a multitude of how to s by normal people and things you can actually accomplish .
Planning made easy and gone are the days of printing out pages from the internet .
I love this app , even though something s cud be better executed its still a great app for past times and plus I love how it s so much easier to save the pins I like and also it has everything I need , it s almost as good as google ! ! !
Same problem with newest update ... can t open links , but not not_too not_annoying .
And is there still a notification that a pin has been already pinned ?
I love Pinterest but this app crashes all the time & amp ; for no not_particular not_reason .
Right ? ! ? ! ?
I reported it to the site and now am not not_able to not_pin anything .
Sometimes it just shuts down but you can get right back on .
My business requires me to use both left and right sides of my brain .
Inspiration comes easy when so many ideas are out there and cool products you d never even not_know not_about .
Minnie Tink , I just started to use this and it crashed and all so crashed my iPad .
Now I can t even open it it throws me off please fix both problems or I will have to delete .
I love Pinterest , but the app crashes 3 4 times every time I use it .
Please fix the bugs , it is very frustrating .
I loved it , truly recommend it , you find everything on it , really !
I love Pintrest but the app keeps crashing my iPad never not_had not_this problem with any other app !
The pins won t open , it crashes my entire iPad , and won t open at all sometimes .
The new version is terrible , I thought I might have a virus but have since realized it s just this app .
Just give it a try .
The app crashes quite a bit on the iPad and often restarts my iPad .
Love love this app , but it crashes my iPad so that the ipad has to restart all the time .
Please fix this crashing problem ! ! !
Like this application but a little more help and examples of how to set up and use .
Now it crashes & amp ; loads slower than when I first downloaded .
Just wish I could figure out how to delete a pin I accidentally put on the wrong board .
I love that you can share ideas and blogs and plan events with friends/family that are mile away .
Excellent pinning interface , but crashes frequently !
One problem is I am not not_winning .
I have made countless recipes , designed numerous rooms and created some of the best parties ever because of Pinterest !
Only problem is lately it turns off when I close a window .
It helped me create all my Christmas presents !
Nice to have this app on my phone so when I m out somewhere and find things that might work for an idea or event coming up I can just go to my boards and see what I still need .
Thanks to Pintrest , I have a ton of decorating ideas that I can do myself , not to not_mention not_smart ideas on how to do more with less .
The app , on the other hand , needs some work .
Everything you could wish for is right here in this one app !
Please fix this problem .
When I open a link it crashes my iPad , it s been ten minutes and my iPad still won t come back on .
No more adding websites to my favorites and trying to remember why .
\\n\\nI would like to suggest however the ability to move boards around .
Love Pinterest but it crashes tooooo much .
Anytime I need a recipe , I use Pinterest .
I also got a lot of wonderful ideas for how to decorate our little boy s nursery .
I love Pinterest when ever I need an idea for anything it is my first stop ,
Beamish333 , I just love the Pinterest App .
Please fix this ASAP ,
Also , it would be nice to have the option to open links in Safari .
Pinterest is awesome , but it is constantly crashing on the app .
Who needs Google !
Highly Recommend this App .
I tried to stay out of the Pinterest craze but when I started to plan my wedding I decide to give it a try and I am so glad that I did .
I would rate it five stars , but it tends to crash during busy hours .
If you imagine it guidelines can be found here !
Only negative is that you can send hours on it .
Beautiful app all around but crashes occasionally when I try to open links within app ,
Sometimes the back arrow doesn t work right but the swipe feature works so it s not not_really a not_problem .
Please fix this , PLEASE !
Wish there was a way to make sub category boards bc I m getting so many boards now !
I ve updated everything , deleted and reloaded and still crashes .
There are so many inspirations and fun ideas .
I LOVE PINTEREST with over 5k pins and rising each day I should sign up for Pinners Anonymous this app is very easy to use and works well but having all those pins makes me wish they had a mass move/edit setting I hate it being disorganized but while I m pinning I make mistakes and I don t stop to rewrite what the previous person had because I m so excited to see what s next if I could go into a board and be able to click from thing to thing to edit the text that would be amazing even if it was just on the PC I also notice after awhile when my board gets full I would like to break it off into two boards so it s easier to find what pins I m looking for but there are so many to move at that point that it takes too long and ends up half finished before I m off pinning again lol !
It s neat how you can open page after page , one on top of the other .
I love when one image takes you to an entire world of images of ideas I could have dreamed of but never not_imagined not_they could be materialized ,
Fun tool to share photos but you can t link photos from Pbase ,
It allows you to try new things and gives you ideas that you can try out on your own or look for clothes that you way or even plan anything .
But my favorite thing that you can do on Pinterest is that you can look up food recipes and try them out and I have had my Pinterest for a while now and I still love the app because new things are on there every day .
Everyone in my family has made an account and downloaded the app because of me and I think you should download it as well .
Every time I use Pinterest now , it crashes at least once or twice and my whole ipad restarts by itself .
This is the only app that does this , please fix !
I use it everyday , whether pinning , liking , or just browsing I always find something that interests me ! !
It s great for anything you need to know .
I have NO problems with it at all ! !
Cause I don t need the world knowing what I plan for my marriage bed .
How can you not not_love it not_?
Love the app but with the two newest updates it has been crashing very frequently ! ! !
Tons of great finds on Pinterest with lots of instructions on how to do hair , makeup , crafts , and food !
I just want all apps and sites to have the option to pin whatever interests me .
So many great ideas and the app is very easy to maneuver around .
Mamasaurus Rex , Seek and you will find it on pinterest !
MarleneSLC , I love Pinterest , and love to use it with my iPad , but it crashes a lot .
For the last three months , it has randomly crashed my iPad and caused a reboot whenever I am watching a video and change the orientation of my screen .
And the secret folders allowed me to plan my boyfriends birthday without not_him not_knowing !
Never had a problem ! ! !
Anything I ever wanted to know ab anything !
There is no way to not_search not_usernames or anything .
The app sometimes crashes but otherwise like the web version .
Ever since the update when you want to upload pins u can t upload pictures to pin from your photos and I think the map thing is stupid .
The app and the entire ipad crash .
The only things I would change/add would be the crashing problems after updates and adding sub categories within a board .
I already have a ton of boards so it would be nice to be able condense everything and not have to not_keep not_adding more and more boards .
My only wish is that we could have more than 3 secret boards .
Love the app but can t open links in safari with new update .
App crashes when I try to send a pin .
Awesome but crashes sometimes .
The Pinterest app for iPad crashes constantly !
I don t have this problem with other apps on my iPad .
Little bugs that shut it down occasionally just like all the others , but overall great .
Once you start pinning you can t stop !
There are so many great ideas that have inspired my creativity in the sewing room , kitchen , garden and so much more .
Pinterest is not not_working not_properly on my iPad .
Otherwise I don t have crash problems or other issues with the Mobil devices .
Why doesn t that have an ABC feature yet ?
WallaWalla08 , It s addicting has ideas for anything that you can think of .
This hot mess crashes my ipad !
Anything that I need to do and doesn t know where to start .
It has good tips on how to do make up and hair love this app .
I have loved Pinterest since i started using it , but every time i try to use it and open new pages it restarts my iPad , i tried on my iPhone and have the same issues .
Just love all the wonderful ideas .
It is such a great tool for finding great things off the internet and saving them for later , but I am having a problem opening links to go onto the website from which the pin is from .
Without this , I can t see how to make whatever I pinned .
Please fix this !
Although I do like that you can just slide to the next pin on a thread with the new update .
Latest update crashes or displays no not_pins not_about every 3rd time I open it .
Super reliable , never not_crashes .
I love love love Pinterest and the update for iPhone is so easy and I now have to monitor my time because it s like a drug ! ! !
I recommend it to so many people !
Love the app could use it for days literally ! !
I can not not_do a not_people search from my phone , but I still love it .
First pin and you can t stop ! !
crazygrl2468 , Love the app but I can t open any links to the pins !
Love it , but when I m looking around , it crashes !
I found recipes for guinness , bacon and all sort of good stuff like how to make a kegerator or man cave concepts .
Let s you create a second life or the life you dream of with pictures !
How did I live without it not_?
Overall , this app is great , but there are some bugs they need to work out .
I really wish you could block people from seeing your profile and pins instead of just hiding selected boards .
It is so frustrating please fix it .
Do not not_use .
Once you start you can t stop .
I m a Girl Scout leader and it has a ton of great ideas to help me plan crafts and games for meetings .
Works just like the website .
App has been fixed .
Can t really use the app the way it is !
I love Pinterest , but ever since the iOS7 update , it crashes a lot !
Please fix this ! ! !
Why wouldn t you get it ? !
Its like previewing items that i intend to buy , or finding a tastey recipe its amazing .
But now it s crashing all the time : ( \\nIt s so frustrating and I really hope the problem is fixed soon .
I hope it gets fixed so I can use it !
It crashes my IPAD .
Please get this fixed and soon !
Please fix it !
I crashes at times , but not not_very not_often .
Create a board for any interest or topic and then start searching others and you will discover amazing tangents , quotes and recipes you will never have not_time to not_make ( because other pins will distract you ) .
This is my favorite app , please fix ASAP !
You have to try it to see for yourself .
But when I try to edit from the computer it shuts me out .
App is amazing , website needs work tho .
I can use Pinterest anywhere I go !
However , I really wish that when you are visiting one of your boards , you could organize your picks within the board .
Like with my Style board I could have sub boards , so that I don t have to search to find `` shoes '' or `` bags '' , it s all within My Style board .
I do love Pinterest , but it s getting to be ridiculous with how often the app crashes when trying to get out of the expanded pin to get back to the category page .
However having to scroll back to the top to see more pins is a problem to be solved ,
Crash every time , please fix it .
See above .
I love Pinterest , but it seems as though it is crashing and shutting down my iPad more frequently than ever .
Please fix it !
I think they should change the ideas at least 3 times s day .
\\n\\nI think if things are going to be submitted , should be done in English .
Everybody should use Pinterest !
I loved Pinterest but it crashes all the time , pin a few then crash .
My only issue is that it crashes pretty frequently .
Useful to find how to do many things , ideas on decorating .
Unfortunately it crashes a lot on my iPad .
Other than that I have no not_problems .
But now it is having issues opening links and some pins : ( .
Pinterest is ALWAYS there to provide a real laugh .
I need my Pinterest fix ! !
Just adjust your settings to auto update !
The only problem with the new version , is when you re trying to pin something and edit the text , it will close the pin .
I go on it all the time and I find so many great ideas and if I need a pick me up , it does it !
Everyone needs this app !
Best past time and place to gather projects you should do , places you want to go and everything in between ! !
The iPad app needs some major improvements !
Once you pin you can t stop !
But it still crashes just not not_quite as not_often .
Definitely recommend it .
Just get it and join us .
I just love this app ! !
\\nThe last review I submitted is still sitting here , that speaks to the problems of this site .
It is very difficult to post a pin from any site .
\\nNow here is the newest fix and it s horrible .
My last 2 complaints are still here .
Please automatically alphabetize created boards so that we don t have to constantly search up and down , over and over , trying to locate a particular board .
Rarely have problems with it and enjoy using the digital cork board on the go ,
I love the app but it crashes when I click the x to close a window .
Great for inspiration when the ideas just aren t coming , or if it s one of those days where you just don t feel like hitting the gym .
I love Pinterest so much but when I m looking at pins it randomly crashes and shuts down and I have to find the pin all over again it s so frustrating !
Will never not_fail at not_giving me useful ideas for anything in life .
It s crashed a couple of times , too .
Anything you need to know , all in one place .
Love the site , hate it crashing my iPad .
My only wish is that my likes could be categorized .
If there s already a way , please let me know .
Crashes sometimes when I try to refresh my page but besides that I love this site ! !
I love Pinterest except for the fact that once I start pinning , I can t stop !
I m addicted to Pinterest , but I wish you could send a board to a friend for them to see you ideas instead of sending each individual pin .
Now the app and my ipad crash repeatedly .
Yes I can do what I d like on it , but it could have been planned out better .
Can t view a pin , close a pin or , go anywhere within the app without it not_force not_closing or , crashing ! !
My favorite thing is you can share your ideas also .
It sometimes crashes , but not not_enough to not_get upset over .
I get asked that s a great recipe , that was a great idea where did u come up with that , I always say `` Pinterest '' ! ! ! ! !
Since the new update every time I get on the app it crashes the entire iPad .
I have found so many ideas , and I love being able to search for specifics or just browse a category .
Sometimes it crashes tho ,
I just love Pinterest ! ! !
App was great but crashes a lot ,
Everything I like is here ! !
The newest version of this app constantly crashes when you try to view pins others have sent you .
But for some reason when I want to view a pin it completely crashes my iPad .
Since the latest update it crashes about every 2 minutes !
Love this app it works great and I haven t hAd any problems with it yet and don t think I will in the future .
The idea of Pinterest is great however it is so challenging because of the technical problems .
The problems the app crashes all the time .
The app crashes all the time , it is getting very old .
The app in my iPad crashes all the time now .
Even when I have the computer I would rather use the phone app .
This is a wonderful app I can t get enough .
I highly recommend it .
The only issue is that it spontaneously closes from time to time .
( : I can always get good ideas for my outfits and my future wedding ? ?
I am aware that you are still trying to optimize a nifty concept .
I just put together a board for the family s Christmas wish list .
You can find great stuff and ideas for everything You need or could need in life ,
Now my iPad crashes when I m using the app .
Love all the ideas but hope they soon fix all the problems that have occurred since the update !
Just love it !
Please fix ASAP .
I love this app but recently it crashes every time I try to close out a pin I have looked at .
The new update not only not_crashes the not_app , but crashes my iPad .
The only down sides are it bugs from time to time .
Never had a problem with this ap .
It needs to be policed better .
I recommend Pinterest to all my friends .
Highly recommend it .
But EVERY TIME I m on it it crashes !
I do love this app although it tends to crash whenever I least expect it .
I would love it if you could have a bug fix on it .
Amazing app except it crashes when wanting to go to safari ,
If you want to do something but aren t sure how to do it you ll find it on Pinterest .
So addicting but has definitely made my life easier : ) ,
Can not not_open not_pins , it crashes and restarts my iPad .
Why do I want to use an app that crashes and actually makes my iPad crash ?
( Why was this one so hard ?
Us power users who max out functionality of a good idea would probably really use this function AND still use plenty of public boards .
usually i do not have not_many not_issues with the app , but for the last two days , i have not not_been not_able to open it .
please acknowledge this problem and fix asap !
\\nIt would also be nice to come back to the place I was after visiting another site to investigate a pin , instead of coming back to the beginning of the pins .
It s a great idea !
Now I need an app to generate money to pay for all the things I wan na do .
Recently the app crashes and shuts down completely otherwise , LOVE it ,
Highly recommend it !
I could spend hours just looking and pinning ! ! !
Besides from some of the pins not not_having a not_link supporting it , it s pretty perfect !
It will just randomly crash while I m scrolling , pinning , etc .
Pinning on both app and web require too much unnecessary clicking and opening and closing of windows .
only issue is I keep getting kicked out of it .
It crashes immediately !
I use to love this app , but with a recent update it crashes all the time .
\\n\\nWould also be great if boards could be toggled public or private , instead of permanently losing the `` private '' option after choosing `` public . ''
\\n\\nFinally , it seems that pins can not not_be not_moved onto a board that is toggled as `` private , '' but instead , must be re pinned onto the private board and then manually removed from the public one if desired .
This also seems unnecessary , and if adjusted it seems it would be very helpful to be able to move pins from other boards onto a private board as it could be done with any public board .
Please fix this .
I have found some very yummy recipes , done multiple craft projects , and created hours of fun for my toddler and five year from here .
I do wish it would tell me if I pinned something already , the way it does online .
A friend suggested this app for me .
I am disappointed at times when I click on a pin to open it & amp ; the website is no longer not_available .
Love the fact that you can use it with several devices ,
It crashes quite a bit but otherwise it s not not_too not_bad .
I have had no not_problems since not_update .
This app helped me plan my wedding and now my nursery !
when u want to cook , learn how to make or design something , cheer up all of everything u could want or think of is here n this app !
While I have gotten to love Pinterest , especially for recipes , this version has issues .
Please fix this !
I love Pinterest but hate how it crashes with no not_warning .
Please fix whatever is causing the crashes : ) .
Please fix it , this is the only app out of 100 that I have which I spend 90 % of my time on .
You have to copy the link and then open and email to send it .
As though I needed another reason to be on my phone all the time , Pinterest is absolutely addicting ! !
It s usually great and I m on it all the time but lately it just crashes or won t load anything !
The bugs causing it to crash need to be fixed ... it s been too long !
Please fix the crashing !
I absolutely love this app , I can spend hours just browsing so many different things .
I am searching thanksgiving and it says no not_pins not_available , nothing is showing pins no not_categories not_work what is the deal here ,
Lots of bugs need to be fixed it seems to work more efficiently .
The downside , it crashes too much ! !
On it a lot more then I should be ... very easy to use !
The only issue is that it freezes a lot and will sometimes close when I m in the middle of doing things .
I love Pinterest but the app crashes pretty frequently on my iPhone 5S ,
I love using Pinterest , however I have many problems using it .
Like any time I close out of a page it crashes my ENTIRE IPAD .
Also I wish there was a way you could delete individual pins from one of your boards because on multiple occasions I have pinned something to the wrong board .
Full of create ideas and inspirations .
\\n\\nWish someone would make a companion app so you could select recipes for a weekly menu and create a shopping list .
Who needs a real life when you can just pin a dream one and live happily ever after ! !
It crashes every time I open it , and usually also restarts my iPad .
Occasionally crashes when I try to pin something otherwise , fantastic !
I love the Pinterest app , just as much as I love Pinterest but I do wish you could do the same things on the regular safari with the inapp web browser .
I have made dozens of meals , appetizers and desserts from the recipes I find in here .
I highly recommend it .
This is the only app I absolutely require on my iPod .
Constant freezing and crashes .
Its pretty sweet app , but it would be nice if we could expand the pic .
It s really laggy and sometimes I can t even click on the categories with out it crashing .
Anything I need information on I can easily find .
I m new to Pinterest and I m still learning how to use it .
It really love this app although I have had some issues with it crashing at times .
I love Pinterest and it works great on my iPad but it crashes almost every time I m on it and that is really annoying please fix .
It had a couple issues but not not_anymore not_I love Pinterest and browsing all the news things daily .
The idea and purpose of Pinterest is creative BUT iPads continue to freeze every 3 to 5 mins after being used .
Ok but needs a serious fix with the new update .
I can t pin or navigate easily .
Easy to use and nice to have shared boards with my wife so we can plan meals .
If you want a website that gives you some much needed `` you '' time look no not_further .
I seriously find everything I need .
The new update continuously crashes over and over .
Please get this fixed .
However , the app crashes often , and it takes a while to load pins and pin pins .
My only peeve is not not_being not_able to open secret boards on the phone ap .
This is a great app , I highly recommend it !
Pinterest crashes every time it s on my notifications .
I think you should make it so when you go to pin an item you can type the first three letters if a board and matching selections will appear .
Also no one not_should not_be allowed to block users .
I haven t had any problems with this app .
I think I need therapy .
Only set back this far is that I can t block people .
Love the unending variety of what is available to pin !
App crashes occasionally , but still one of my fav ways to spend time on my phone !
I can t access my friends pins .
Where are they ?
It sometimes crashes with new updates or whathaveyou , but other than that , this us a handy little app to have around for all sorts of things .
Please fix this !
I made my own laundry and dishwasher soap .
It just logs me out !
Love Pinterest , and app is easy to use and well designed but it crashes too often , especially when navigating to a website within the app .
I love this app but I wish there was a way to save photos from the app directly to my photos .
Go on it daily and it rarely not_crashes for me .
Also when I click on the link to go to the original page it does not not_always not_load , there are times when I have to close the window and click on the pin multiple times before it will load .
As an educator , this provides resources to lesson plan and introduces me to other educators and their sites for great ideas .
Good and addicting , though I wish that there was an easier way to view specific boards I am following .
Almost anytime I on Pinterest on my ipad , it crashes .
Although I love this app , it crashes way more frequently lately on my iPad .
Please fix this !
All these years never not_had an not_app actually crash the iPad .
I just love all of the memes , photos , recipes , places and everything else Pinterest offers ! ! !
Still can t figure out how to get it back .
You think you can look at just a few pins , but I just can t stop .
My only issue is when using a mobile device it logs me off and will not not_accept my not_login for a day or so .
Wish that it did slightly better with lots of layers of pins open , it tends to get fairly jerky in scrolling and then crashes .
Every time I close a web page it crashes and sometimes completely restarts my iPad .
I love Pinterest but the app crashes A LOT with the iPad .
It crashes at least once if not not_twice not_every time I get on with the iPad .
It either works great or doesn t work at all and crashes constantly .
The only problem is sometimes in the latest version , links don t open well .
I reluctantly signed on thinking that I didn t need more recipes or crafts .
Love Pinterest but since the last update it crashes every time I use it on my ipad .
Please fix it !
Never had any problems .
Just love this app..it has made me more creative , curious and satisfied ; ) ,
Rarely have any problems with it .
My only issue is that it crashes too often .
Works pretty well but occasionally crashes .
Following the new update , there is a bug that will not not_let the not_internet open some pins .
\\n\\nI wish there was a way to view pins you have sent to people .
For some reason it crashes and freezes .
I really enjoy using Pinterest through my iPad , but it crashes on a pretty regular basis .
It crashes not only the not_app , not_but my whole iPad .
You HAVE TO GET IT !
I am having a force close issue on my iPad mini .
I really enjoy using Pinterest and seeing the different DIY projects as well as adding my own .
Pinterest , however all the crashing that s happening now on my iPad made my previous concerns seem minuscule .
It can t load pins sometimes .
There are so many good and creative ideas .
Just don t like all the notifications .
Everytime they update the app it just get much easier on the pinner .
I use it all the time , but we always need to stay on top of user interface improvements as we gain experience after some period of usage .
I love how many cool and unique ideas are on here !
I just love Pinterest !
I love this site you can find any information you possibly need !
Please fix this .
Pinterest has provided me with great ideas on DIY things .
Thanks for adding the new feature to like , pin , and send .
My iPad crashes every few minutes !
Seeing a recipe I want to make but not not_having not_access to how to make it is a bit frustrating .
There are a few things I wish were different , like how the `` Following '' page looks , but other than that it has never not_crashed and not_everything loads pretty quickly .
I highly recommend downloading this app .
But had to remove the 4 5th star for various reasons ... sometimes the app will freeze or not not_allow you to not_repin a pic even when I m home on a hi speed wifi and no one not_else not_is having internet issues ( which is very rare in my home , my hubby is an IT Specialist ) Wish you were allowed more then 3 secret boards , a maximum of 5 secret/private boards would be great , 3 isn t enough if you are a seriously addicted pinner like I am !
Sometimes when you follow someone instead of just following their particular board of choice your home page gets `` bombed '' by pics that you just want off your home page , some days it isn t that bad and other days you feel that you are scrolling forever to get past it , wish there was a filtering option of what shows on your home page like possibly a search bar type area where you could type in what you DONT want to see on your home page like for example `` anything rodeo/cowboy '' or A celebrities name , that ability would keep the `` crap '' you don t want to have to scroll past because you can see all that under `` popular or everything '' which is where you would expect to find that !
The only reason I didn t rate it perfect is because 1 out of 100 times it crashes .
The only thing they need to improve is the app crashing and an easier way to move multiple pins to a different board .
How did I ever live without not_?
The app is fairly good , however it crashes quite frequently .
No crashes on the new update .
You need to start cracking down on this .
Also , it doesn t update my account like it should .
I have had a few problems with it crashing every now and then but otherwise I have absolutely no not_problem with it .
Why can t I pin from my phone photo gallery now ?
Every once in a while it will freeze up on me but it not not_enough to not_not give it 5 stars .
I have tried several ideas and am planning more .
Keeps crashing but when it works it s great ,
You can type anything into the search engine and find posts on how to fix , prepare , create and prevent anything !
I recommend this app all the time .
I seriously recommend it !
It s always been my favorite ... but since the last update it crashes on me ALOT ! !
Pinterest needs to get a new version of this app out ASAP before the start losing phone users .
Always there for me when I need an idea or craft !
It would be nice to simplify : ) ,
For EVERYTHING you need to know and then some ! !
I love the app like any app though it does have it s issues but not not_enough to not_lose a star from me ! !
For any ideas that I need from fashion to cooking I find an answer to all from real people .
There are so many ideas for so many different things .
I absolutely love this app , but it is constantly crashing .
It makes it difficult to follow on the things you have pinned when it crashes in the middle of you pinning something .
Please fix the crashing , then 5 stars ! ! !
I just love Pinterest .
I d certainly recommend it .
It s irritating and now I can t keep better track of my pins that I want to look back on .
Steve Brown of IL , If you are a crafter or have always wanted to learn a craft , this is the app you need !
Crashes ALL THE TIME and not just the not_app my not_entire iPad crashes constantly !
It s past time this should be fixed !
AND what happened to the DATE AND BATTERY LIFE viewing , why would you take that off ?
vkh , Crashes and does not not_always not_bring up my pinned recipes .
Please fix the crashing !
This is one addictive app , once you start pinning you just can t stop .
I haven t had any problems with app .
This app is very addicting and you can look up just about anything on it ... from how to make a meal to what the latest fashion trends are .
snaphappy janie , What a great app easy to use and never not_crashes on me !
Now it crashes constantly !
Please fix this glitch .
I know y all are working on it .
The iOS7 crashes consistently .
When I need recipes or craft ideas or anything Pinterest is my go to .
I have never not_had a not_problem , easy to use , easy to see and so much fun !
But needs to be fixed it crashes to often on the iPad .
Whenever I have a few extra minutes , I just browse pinterest .
Please fix it .
How did I live before Pinterest ?
When checking a link it bounces you out of the App causing you to have to go back in and scroll to find your location .
Please fix it and it will be even better .
Please fix the bugs !
It crashes sometimes when trying to pin from a website or I have to reload the pictures again .
Also , is there anyway to remove pins from Pinterest all together that no longer not_link not_somewhere ?
It works but it crashes on me a lot .
Works great , only crashes from time to time but overall I almost like pinning better on the app !
This latest update crashes my iPad .
I love Pinterest but when get large rabbit trails going it crashes very annoying .
App keeps crashing the actual iPad please please please fix ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Just download it .
It crashes less not_because of that .
Never have an issue with this app ! !
I would open the app , then literally one minute later it would crash .
Always crashes !
Please fix this app bc I love Pinterest when I am on the road or just waiting for the kids .
After the update of the new version , now it won t let me pin anything and it crashes .
The iPad app is still crashing !
I normally do not not_post not_however I love Pinterest so I had to say something because ever since this update I can t not even not_open not_Pinterest it keeps shutting down on my ipad .
I absolutely adore Pinterest , but I can t even begin to count how many times this app has crashed on me when I ve been trying to view recipes on my board ( the original pins ) .
No point in Pintrest if I can t pin .
Please fix it .
The app will crash , pins won t display , and everything .
I have no not_problems with not_this app and Pinterest is sooo addicting ! ! !
DoubleU1 , I love this app but it s not not_working .
Sometimes I can t click on pins , it crashes often , and occasionally it crashes my iPad & amp ; shuts it down .
I have Pinterest on my iPad and iPhone but every time I try to post a picture on my iPad it doesn t show up on my board .
Please fix this bug , I love Pinterest !
the app is wonderful but it will crash and my ipad will go to a black screen with the apple logo !
I love this app I m on it everyday and every night , but since the update it crashes to much both on iPhone and iPad , please fix , if it wasn t for that I would give it five starts , cause it s truly and amazing app , , , ,
Used to love this app , but the most recent update made it so the links don t work !
Can t open my pins after the update ! ! !
Please fix this ASAP ! ! ! !
Rarely do I ever have any issues .
This was a great app until they added the `` places '' update .
It has crashed about 3 times a day ever since .
\\nHowever , with the latest update or 2 , Pinterest is crashing not only the not_app not_but my iPad too .
The app crashes on the iPhone as well but not the not_entire not_device .
Features needed on the iPad : Please let me have access to my clock again ! !
Despite being good , the latest update is crashing .
Please fix it !
Would also be nice to be able to rearrange boards .
Always always ALWAYS screws up constantly tells me it s your end that s screwing up can t load anything can t pin anything can t log back in once logged out even when I restart my phone gets really annoying to have an app that can t be used because you re always having issues ,
I love this app but PLEASE fix the crashing problem !
I can t even log in today ,
, The update made this app crash and it does not not_let me not_open pins .
ElleMichelle , My grandma saved newspaper clippings of her dream home , my mom made collages of magazine cut outs for her wedding and I have Pinterest !
IKillZombiez4ALiving , Started crashing last night but at least I was able to get into it .
Now it keeps saying no not_pins , not_no boards , etc are available .
Please help me/fix soon !
For a couple of days , I had intermittent issue with opening pins .
Although recently it keeps crashing whenever I open it up , and when I get to the notifications page it crashes and also when I try to open up in safari .
And it s not not_working at not_all today ... bummer .
I can t log in at all ,
Please fix this ! !
Can you please fix the problem .
I just got this latest download and I was super excited about the new location pin thing .
However every time I try to open it , it either crashes or just says that there are now pins to display .
Please fix this ASAP ! ! !
This was my favorite app , but are just too many bugs now !
I can t even open the app anymore .
\\nThis last update however has problems .
Very frustrating and the only way I can repin these is to get on the computer .
\\n\\nPlease fix this ASAP you guys need a patch ,
I love pinterest and the pinterest app , but lately , it crashes every time I open it , and today , it says I don t have any pins or notifications , so I can t use it at all .
Please fix this ! ! ! !
Ever since I updated app I can not not_see not_friends post and all my posts are old .
What was the point of update ?
Now it crashes every time I try to open it OR it won t show me any of my pins or notifications ! !
I NEED MY PINTEREST FIX ! ! !
I used to love this app , but since updating to the latest version I can t sign in .
Please fix this !
I can t search anything .
This needs fixed ! !
Says `` error : sorry , something went wrong on our end '' .
I love Pinterest but this update is a nightmare the app crashes constantly and now it won t even display pins : ( ,
It s my favorite app but after I updated it , it stopped working completely !
Please fix this Ty .
I need it back .
I hate that the app crashes , you do not not_get not_notifications with a red bubble like you do other apps , & amp ; some of the other updates are annoying .
The app could be better , but the idea of Pinterest itself is awesome .
There are no not_pins on not_display and it says it s something is wrong on your end so please fix it !
amber dessaure , Usually love this app , but after the most recent update I can t open it without not_deleting it and not_reinstalling first .
I can t search or even view popular pins .
Why are they still on Pinterest ? ?
Yesterday , I used two recipes I d posted a while back .
Hopefully this will be fixed in later updates after figuring iOS7 out a bit more .
Pinterest is one app that really needs a big screen .
The app does nothing but crash constantly since the last update .
Please fix this !
After the last update I get constant crashes and links will not not_work .
I need this fixed right away .
I have holiday recipes pinned and I can t open them !
However , lately its been crashing .
If I opened the app and read my notifications , don t you think you should clear the banners ?
There is an easy method you can add to your code to do this .
App repeatedly crashes and causes iPad to re start !
Update needed ASAP ,
I ve submitted a ticket with feedback and posting here because they still can t seem to implement a fix that that doesn t crash the app and my ipad .
My iPad shuts down again and again , I can t deal with this anymore .
Please fix this problem .
It s crashing whenever I scroll through my pins .
Please fix this issue and you ll get my 5 star approval !
Please fix the bugs !
It s crashing every time I open it !
I like this app , but now I can t open pins nor open them in Safari .
I love the app but here lately the app continuously crashes upon start up .
My sister is no longer not_able to not_sign to Pinterest on her lap top can you help with any suggestions ?
I updated to the newest version of Pinterest , but now the links do not not_work and the not_app keeps crashing .
Seriously why mess with something that works so great ?
Worked perfectly until just a few weeks ago and now crashes every few minutes .
The app keeps shutting down ... ... please fix .
I love this app but recently , it constantly crashes my ipad !
Why is that ?
Please fix the crashing , because I can t take it .
Please fix this !
until it crashes and turns you whole device totally off .
Do you have any idea how long I have to stare at that little Apple on my screen ?
Well as of today I can t open Pinterest on my iTouch or iPhone4 period .
After last update I can t open this app .
After I updated the version , I can t see my notifications and it crashes constantly ! !
Please fix & lt ; 3 I m so addicted but it crashes ! ! !
Please fix this .
I love the app but it has started to crash only when I try to look at my notifications !
Please fix this ASAP .
Every time I check my notifications where someone has pinned something of mine it crashes flawlessly to the point I can t get back out of it .
I m addicted to Pinterest so this needs to be fixed !
This is a really fun and awesome app but starting today every time I go to open it it crashes within seconds and it won t stop doing it .
Please fix this ! ! !
All was working well until one day the app would crash whenever I opened the `` Notification '' tab .
However , the latest update crashes repeatedly , and crashes my iOS 6 iPad !
It crashes constantly .
I can t look at my notifications without it not_crashing .
Please fix this problem before trying to add any more bells and whistles that users can t even enjoy because the app keeps crashing : / ,
Also , it crashed a lot .
I can t even check my notifications because it s the only tab that crashes .
each time i open the app , it crashes .
Since the `` map '' ing update , my app crashes every time I try to look at my notifications : ( ,
I love the Pinterest app , but now I can t open the web page connected to pins .
Please fix this !
However now , once I try launching the app it starts loading the notification page and then crashes .
currently repeatedly crashing on the iPhone 5C .
Not sure if this is from the latest update , but the app is crashing whenever I go to check my notifications ,
Please fix I need to check a recipe ! ! !
Hey it s good but now every time I look at notafications it crashes fix it will you ! !
Every time I click it is crashes .
Guess there was a bug in the update .
Well I love Pinterest but lately I can t look at my notifications and everytime I try it glitches and logs me out .
Please fix this !
It s not just not_once , not_I can t even get on it for two seconds before it crashes .
I need to feed my pin addiction !
Pinner16626032688333780842 , App crashes when I looks at newsfeed and I have to redownload after that ,
This is my favorite app but when I get on notifications it crashes ! !
Please fix it !
When I go to the notification tab the app crashes ! !
Now I can t log on w/out it crashing .
Please fix it .
I have a lot of VIP PINS in here I need for Christmas .
Love this app but it has a bug .
I love Pinterest and the new update ( even IOS 7 ) but since then every time I try pin something , it crashes .
Please fix it soon ! ! ! !
Everytime , and I mean everytime I look at the likes/repins the app crashes .
Love the app overall and have never not_had not_this problem until today ... crashes every time it go to the notifications .
And it crashes my iPad , too !
Love this app , but it is still crashing and crashing my whole iPad too .
You need to fix these issues .
It crashes every time I try to open it .
I hope enough people complain that developers fix this ASAP bc I need my Pinterest ! ! ! !
Love this app , however for whatever reason lately I can t even open in without it not_crashing ! !
Please give us an update soon !
Just recently the app crashing when trying to open .
I try to read my newsfeed but it keeps crashing .
Notification page won t load and crashes entire app repeatedly on iPhone 5 .
Where is my app ?
It kept crashing so I tried to reinstall it , but it apparently crashed during installation and now I can neither open nor uninstall ?
With the last update I can t even open the app .
I LOVE all the new features but the app crashes practically every time I open it .
It crashes every time I go into my notifications ,
But this new update made it so I couldn t open any pins sent to me : ( please fix !
Occasionally my private boards will disappear and then I can t pin things there .
Will open for maybe 10 seconds then crashes .
I hard booted my phone and it still crashes .
That s all it does is crush I can t see anything because the app crashes .
App crashes after latest update .
But , for some reason lately it crashes every time I open the app .
My current version is crashing right away .
Every time I try to open my notification page , the app crashes !
Please fix this soon !
It crashes when I try to open the notifications .
I love Pinterest but I can t use it because every time I click on a pin it crashes my whole iPad .
Sometimes when I click on a pin it just pulls up a white screen but does not not_take you to the not_web link ... Please fix !
Just downloaded new version and I can t open it at all .
Can t open pins to Safari , now the app won t even load it just closes itself .
It crashes whenever I open my notifications , never not_happened not_before ,
It worked fine yesterday but for some reason today all it does when I try to open it is immediately crashes .
I had this app installed on my old iPhone 4 and never not_had a not_problem with it .
Just got a new iPhone 5s and this app hardly not_ever not_works .
Iphone application crashes right after opening .
I can t even open the app ,
When i switch between apps it always crashes and reboots my ipad mini .
Please fix this !
There are so many awesome ideas and recipes on this app !
My iPad3 is crashing big time ,
How am I suppose to follow the directions on making stuff ?
Please fix this bug as I am a huge fan and have many things I do make already pinned .
This new iPad version doesn t seem too different than the old version , except the new version crashes ALOT .
Please fix the new update .
Please fix this so I can actually get the recipe for those Nutella stuffed goodies !
We love the Pinterest app and use it regularly ( this would be a five star review if it weren t for the instability of the app ) , but it crashes frequently , and it takes the iPad with it !
Every few minutes , it will crash and cause the Apple splash screen ( in our case , a white screen with a black Apple logo in the center ) which indicates a reboot of some sort .
The app kept closing and eventually made my iPad crash .
Stability issues after the last update still remain a problem on the iPad and even cause it to crash .
Also a working edit URL function needs to be added to change existing URLs that have been changed to direct to SPAM .
We need to be able to correct bad URLs .
Whoever removed that feature needs to stay up all day and night and fix it .
\\nIt s crashing more & amp ; more !
I can t do anything with it so please fix the problem ! ! ! !
; ) seriously , what ever the problem please fix it ! !
I love Pinterest and use this app daily but after the newest update I can t open any links within the app or in safari .
At random times this app crashes on my iPad Retina .
I use it for my photography business for ideas on backdrops , props , etc but when it crashes all the time it makes it harder to use .
Please fix this ! ! !
Love the app but hate that it crashes .
Great app but this version crashes constantly and reboots the iPad !
I love Pinterest I make gifts with it , I remodel things with it , I bake things , I learn things , I post my cover fashion pictures on it but I can t do that not not_because it not_s not not_working .
You can still pin things but the latest update made it so you CAN NOT actually click on the links .
The back button often does not not_work for me .
Not sure if the problem is that it s too small of it s just slow .
Please fix it , I didn t have this issue with older versions .
However , I also have not not_been not_able to open pins since the last update .
Please fix this !
Can t open any links from pins anymore ... kind of defeats the purpose of Pinterest ,
I absolutely love the app and Pinterest itself , but since the newest update I haven t been able to view links or click images or even be on it very long without it not_crashing .
This is the only app that crashes the entire iPad .
I used to love this app but it now if you click on a link it crashes my iPad .
Please fix this .
But it crashes a lot .
Please fix this problem .
Pinterest crashes on my iPad every single time I use it .
When it crashes it literally restarts my iPad .
: / I ve deleted the app and reinstalled in case that was the issue .
Every time I open a pin , when I close it ( using the `` x '' ) it crashes my iPad .
Please fix this ! ! ! !
Yes , I love Pinterest but why does it keep crashing my iPad when I try to pin ?
There are bugs in your new update ! !
I love Pinterest but this app crashes ALL the time .
Every time I open the app it crashes the whole iPad .
That is a serious problem and something that really needs to be looked into .
Please fix ASAP !
However , in the last few months it crashes my iPad constantly and now I can t use it any longer .
Please fix this .
I think it s the coolest site and app ever , all my time when I get it is here : ) ) \\nThank you so much , to who ever or all that came up with this website and app .
The app is great to look at , but actually managing you page needs to take place on the computer .
I can t even figure out how to create a new pin in the app .
Why can t I see some of the pins I ve posted ?
Can t believe how often it crashes and needs to be restarted .
Sometimes it even crashes the entire iPad !
s itunes , Constantly crashes when opening pins .
Generally a good app , but I can t open links or navigate to other sites to pin from on this latest version .
It also crashes often .
Please fix this , as it is a major part of this app and I really enjoy Pinterest .
I m not not_sure not_if it s a problem with the app or with my phone .
It was a good app , but after the last update you can t open pins so now it s just a frustrating useless waste of time .
Since the mapping update it crashes constantly !
When I start to type the person s name it crashes .
Since last update it crashes every time I click on with my IPad .
Please fix this ! ! ! !
Newest version crashes a lot and also causes my new iPad Air to crash .
Please fix the app .
If you just wan na look at picture this new update made this the app for you .
Constantly crashes the entire iPad .
The update made it where I can t open the app through my icon .
I can t open pins in safari .
I love Pinterest but the newest version crashes my iPad .
Please fix this mess .
I see my pins but I can not not_use the not_links at all .
Love the APP but since most recent update , I can t access ANY of my pins or pin new items ... please correct ASAP ,
tinab13 , This app has crashed my ipad twice tonight and I can t even open any of the links .
Please address this issue quickly .
App crashes constantly .
Now can t sign on .
Please fix the crashing problem .
Sometimes no not_pins not_available , pins time out , app just shuts my ipad completely off !
I m sure the app designers are working on it as this app has exploded ! !
Please fix the bugs for the apple products .
Pinterest please fix it ASAP ! ! !
Please fix this weekend next week is Thanksgiving ! !
It s constantly not not_opening not_up pins and crashing ,
This version crashes my iPad every time in use it .
Please fix it , or I won t use it .
Now I can t open links .
The latest update is nice to look at , but I can t open any of the links when you click the pin .
Please fix ASAP : / ,
I can t open any recipes I have pinned .
This is very annoying and needs to be fixed .
I just now need to `` do '' as much as I `` pin '' .
It s not just the not_app that not_crashes , but it causes my ipad to crash and restart itself .
Please fix this !
Why are emojis no longer not_visible on not_Pinterest ?
If it was just crashing I wouldn t be worried , but your app is causing my iPad to shut down .
I m not the only one not_having not_this problem , so look into it .
Lately I can t open any of my pins .
The latest update has a bug that doesn t allow browser to open the actual site for the pin .
So upset that this is happening the week before thanksgiving when I need my pins over and over again ! !
Why is this not not_updated not_?
Agree w/ other reviewers this is the only app that crashes the ipad .
Never had this issue .
Love Pinterest , but iPad app is awful ... crashes CONSTANTLY , then crashes my iPad to the Apple logo .
Please fix this !
Sharing is addictive and I enjoy seeing what other people post .
I need my recipes ! !
Please fix this ASAP !
Ideas from decor , clothes , cars to animals etc Pinterest is a wonderful app ! !
Love Pinterest , but since the new update can t open many pins and when I try to share it crashes .
Please fix its holiday time so using it more often then usual ! !
Please fix this ASAP !
Super helpful at stores when I forget what I needed to get to complete a project or to double check myself .
I love this app please fix this .
I love the app when it works , yet the last week it crashes my iPad while using .
I m about to delete the app and just use Pinterest from Safari .
Love pintrest but it crashes a lot which drives me crazy !
Please repair the constant crashing of the app !
The last two updates on my iPad forces Pinterest to crash constantly .
They need to fix it and fix it fast .
Please do a bug fix update soon !
The constant crashing of this app has made an otherwise enjoyable experience completely tedious and unbearable .
Last update messed it all up so we can t open the pin links .
Why can I no longer not_go to not_any links within Pinterest ?
Since my upgrade to OS 7 it continually crashes .
There s no longer not_copy and not_paste from a web page , and you can t open anything in Safari .
This used to be a great app , but now it seems you can t get much out of it and into another format .
I have never not_had not_any problems at all with it .
Please fix this quickly !
Since I updated my phone the app has constantly caused problems .
I always update the app .
It also has other problems with it 2 .
AND for any person that I want to enter a giveaway , I can NEVER do the Pinterest part because I can NEVER find the URL I need to verify that I pinned the information .
Now , I can t log in anymore !
\\n\\nWho knew there was such a thing as a happiness dream online ?
But the problem is still there .
Joburgey , The latest update just screwed up my Pinterest !
Please fix ASAP .
Please fix upgrade .
Can t share , can t check others pins and loads incredibly slow .
It was good until it started crashing and now I can t even use it.please fix it .
I am addicted to Pinterest but please fix it so it wil STOP CRASHING MY IPAD .
I have never not_had an not_app that crashed my whole iPad repeatedly .
I love to pin , but this latest version has been crashing waaaayyyy too much .
I love browsing at Pinterest and think it is easy to use but maybe it is too easy so sometimes it is slow and also crash constantly .
I can t open any of my pins after the newest update !
After last update the links did not not_work .
I can t open any links .
But it does nothing for those boards that express where you INTEND to go .
UGH CRASHES CONSTANTLY ,
I would give this 5 stars if they recently did not not_screw the not_app up who the heck cares about the map button this app was perfect until they made it a hassle to upload from your camera roll used to be able to pin very quick now u have to click on camera then a little button in the the corner after that to access your camera roll then after pinning you have to wait till it tells you what you pinned and where and then you can add another .
Please fix the crashing issue !
Every time I open the app it crashes when I click on a pin !
mrbaconclayaiken17 , I just got this app and signed up and it won t let me post to Pinterest .
Well since the last update I got a few days ago ( 11 17 13 ) the app crashes constantly as I scrolling thru boards .
If I click one , then click Pin it/Love it crashes after I go back to what I was searching for .
The recent updates have made it so I can t even install the app on my 1st gen iPad , which is why I m only giving it one star .
It used to work great without not_any not_issues ever , but now even the website crashes my iPad every time I use it !
I am still having issues with Pinterest crashing and restarting my iPad !
Adnana84 , What a mistake it was to update the app !
It s not not_working !
Do you guys not not_check the not_update before you make it available ? !
Please fix this it really bugs me .
Please fix this bug ASAP !
Please fix this !
Wayyy too many crashes , but overall pretty good .
I would be looking up recipes right not not_but the not_search is not not_working .
I love Pinterest but this app crashes CONSTANTLY on iPad and iPhone .
This new update repeatedly is crashing ipad .
I just downloaded the new update for this app and I love it .
Recently updated and now can t use on my iPad ?
Would love to learn how to do some of the crafts but again , unable to open links to learn how .
Jacob and Kim , Love this app , but since the latest update , I can t open anything in the app or even in Safari .
It needs to be fixed !
No other app on my iPad crashes .
Your recent update last night is completely crashing my iPad .
Not just the app is crashing but it is completely crashing my device .
Please fix it so I can continue to enjoy Pinterest a much as I always have .
However the most recent update has made it so I can no longer not_open the not_pins within the app OR select to open them in Safari .
The only way to open is to copy and paste the URL from the app into web browser which is very time consuming and makes the app relatively pointless until this is fixed .
It is still crashing and shutting down my whole iPad !
Please fix this !
With the addition of the PLACES option you now have to select the CAMERA option and then select Camera Roll to select the pic you wish to pin from your Photo Library .
You can find anything on this app I just bought a house and have gotten so many ideas from this app it s very convenient to use because you can quickly go back and find the things you repinned I use this app every day ,
Especially need it for dinner time to make dinner .
But now with the new update I can t open the link up .
Please fix if because I need recipes .
Pinteres for Ipad crashes all the time , not not_working !
Please fix the app !
Before the latest update , Pinterest was a 5 star rating , now you can not not_open the not_links to obtain any further info .
Why does FB keep opening first , when I open Pinterest ?
Please fix your update .
Please fix this !
\\n\\nI love the whole concept of Pinterest , but I m still learning how best to navigate through it .
Also , I d love to be able to figure out how to UN pin that Starbucks gift card scam .
app crashes unexpectedly and frequently .
Whenever I am in the app , my iPad crashes .
I don t have many problems with it at all ... highly recommend !
Don t contemplate anymore ... .just download it !
I love the Pinterest app , but lately I ve had major issues with it crashing ! !
Only problem is sometimes the app just crashes randomly .
It s really nice having everything I need all in one place .
And , let s not not_forget the not_time I spend ogling over the many fashions/accessories I will never not_be not_able to afford .
There is a lot of good information here .
Never had any issues , always gives me great ideas for anything possible !
Just love it !
I would like to see it become even greater by adding arrows to pins so that you can easily navigate through an entire board .
I would also like to have the alphabetical scroll available as well so I can just click the letter of my board instead of scrolling through everything .
It is easy to use and I can find anything I need .
This app ALWAYS crashes .
Aprillee , There are so many great ideas and pics for everything I cancelled all my magazine subscriptions .
\\nHighly recommend it .
The app crashes everyonce in a while but other then that its awesome .
I love Pinterest but the app is constantly crashing on ios7 .
Occasionally crashes but I still manage to spend hours on here ; ) ,
Addicted to this app ... .it s a real problem !
Since your last update , not only not_does the not_app crash but it crashes my whole iPad .
Please create a fix .
Use this app when you need anything !
It s amazing so quick and easy never have not_any not_problems it s the best ever ! !
Please fix this !
It would be really nice if you could search for things inside of your own boards .
It crashes sometimes & amp ; I hope you will be able to fix it because I Love Pinterest ! !
It s very easy to use and provides an awesome forum to share ideas !
They need to be larger .
It s great when I m on the go and need an idea .
Just browse all the different things that you can cook , make , or do .
I just love this app .
There are so many creative ideas on the Internet .
I love being able to FIND them again when I need them !
I really love this app but it always signs out and won t let me back in for a couple days it always seems to have a problem and crashes please fix it ,
Please fix it !
Love that I don t have bug problems very often .
Please fix this recent problem .
I get so many great ideas from others that is my favorite part .
I just love this app .
Please fix this soon because this is such an enjoyable app , and I will definitely miss it if I am not not_able to not_use it .
I love all of the ideas and help you can get from the pins .
Please don t change anything !
With that said I m not a not_fan of the not_latest version it crashes ALL the time !
It s killing me because it s a flawless app but I can t access it ! ! !
Love Pinterest , BUT ... the new update crashes my new iPad .
Please fix ASAP , so I can get back to pinning !
The only issue is figuring out how to pin outside of the app .
But it s crashing here lately : / please fix ,
If there is a simple way to reorganize boards on my profile alphabetically I would love to know .
Works without not_fail .
s , 5 , Richie 1 wheel , Since the first day I made an account , to now .
I d love to see features like being able to fully edit your profile/boards available on the app .
Please don t change anything !
I added this to my boyfriends phone , this phone and I m always on it looking at stuff on Pinterest .
I couldn t imagine losing my pins and boards : ( epic fail ,
I highly recommend it to all my friends and family .
\\n\\nI just wish you could have boards within your boards for more organization ! ! ! !
I particularly like the search feature and am always amazed at the number of items available .
Please update , crashes the new iPad air constantly ; despite the usually attempts at fixing .
I have never not_had a not_problem and the app is always being updated for improvements .
I wish that there was a way to tag or share pins with others through Pinterest rather than email .
I absolutely love love LOOOOOVE this app , works flawlessly and I just be on it for hours on end .
The iPad app works fine except when you try to click a link it crashes and causes the iPad to restart ,
Constant crashing and rebooting my iPad ,
The app does everything I need it to ,
I ve never not_had not_any issues with Pinterest and have gotten a ton of good ideas from it .
I recommend it to everyone !
If you are a do it yourself er there are some awesome ideas here that range from painting to organization and beyond .
Every time I create some thing my husband looks at me , smiles and asks .
I recommend this app to everyone !
But , after the last update it seems it won t let me log in or crashes constantly .
If you can t sleep it s fun to look !
With Pinterest I have made different types of food and crafts .
\\nThis was my favorite app , but now It constantly crashes and closes down my iPad .
Love the app until it crashes and then I have to start all over viewing the ideas .
Please fix the crashing .
And when it does finally load then it crashes .
Please address this issue !
Micha Mathews , Never have an issue no not_complaints not_what so ever !
The only thing I can complain about is sometimes I ll pin something and I ll get a message saying it failed but that could be me Internet connection .
It has never not_crashed on me .
I never have not_any not_problems !
Though sometimes it crashes but overall I find it very useful !
I m on here daily and love the ideas that they provide ! !
The idea and organization of the site is great , but adding a feature to pin MULTIPLE pics at once is imperative .
I spend so much of my time on there that I need to see how long lol other than that , it s perfect .
I love Pinterest ... except for one thing : Some of the links are not not_available .
Yeah , it s great to see the idea , but if you want to buy it , or see the directions , and it s not not_available , that not_s a big let down .
Someone needs to remove bad links .
Easy to pin , no not_crashes .
Couldn t get into it when it first came out but now that the holidays are here and time to get ideas for gifts and such I can t STOP using it ! !
I use the app on my iPhone and iPad and have no not_issues .
It has added so many good things to my life !
Hello please update your app icon fir the best compatible with ios 7 .
I love this app , it s just like the website and you can find whatever you need .
Please fix the crashing issue on the iPad !
I have had the issue since the app was updated for iOS 7 .
It crashes my whole iPad almost every day , sometimes several times in one evening !
Great app , seems to crash a good amount .
However , I would like to have the ability to rearrange pins on my boards to group similar ideas together ( like sub categories but just rearranged for my own personal preferences ) .
It s the one thing this app was missing .
I guess just me .
But I hate how you can t see who someone repinned something from .
So ever since I updated the app has been crashing A LOT .
I hate being in the middle of something but the whole iPad starts up again I don t understand why this is issue .
I just need to problem to be resolved .
The whole idea is great .
\\n\\nOn the down side , the last couple of releases seem unstable for the iPad and the app crashes quite often .
In some cases it crashes my whole iPad and makes it reboot which is very frustrating and time consuming , but other than that I love Pinterest .
Pinterest is a fun app ... now I just need to actually make something that I have pinned !
Just missing the possibility to view in horizontal .
There used to be a flip book app out there but it s no longer not_available .
Where else would you find so many awesome recipes and the craft ideas are endless as well as all the other inspirations you can find .
Please fix it !
I ve never not_had not_any problems .
darlinetyrell1 , I just planned my wedding , and now I am decorating a house !
This is a great app that makes me laugh when I need it , entertains me , and helps me remember great ideas .
I love it so much to do craft with kids even how to get gum out of your hair .
The ideas that you can find are endless !
I love being able to come to one place and search for just about anything I need .
Do not not_like that my not_ipad crashes at least once per session !
But sometime it crashes unexpectedly , usually when I am closing a Pin I am looking at .
Love the secret board for gift ideas I don t want others to know about .
It still crashes .
This is one of the best apps but it crashes my iPad when I click on a pin s link .
Please fix and I will rate it 5 stars .
Why would ihaveto install javascript to make this work on my iPad ?
This completely fails to perform its purpose .
Please change this , and it will be perfect .
You either get it and can t get enough of Pinterest , or you don t and must be from another planet ... either way , I get it and love it .
If I could get paid for pinteresting I d be a millionaire !
I highly recommend this site to young , old , men and women !
Just love it .
The ideas alone are so worth it .
I haven t had any issues .
What could be better than Pinterest ?
They need to be fixed !
Never had a problem .
I use Pinterest for workout motivation , ideas for activities with my kids , and some laughs when I need them .
Thank you for fixing the bug that made it crash on my iPad .
but it crashes ! ! !
Something is seriously wrong and needs fixing .
It s so encouraging when u need that extra boost to keep going with your health & amp ; fitness !
It is so useful and amazing I love it and I can plan things or look at ideas ,
I think it could use a move button , to move a pin to a new board .
Since last update it crashes my IPad almost every time I open a pin !
Never had any serious issues .
App hasn t crushed or had any issues for me in several months : ) when `` sending '' a pin it only brings up 3 of my `` friends '' but this is a minor issue for me .
If you haven t yet , you need to get this app ( : ,
I get frustrated because it crashes frequently .
\\n\\nI also have gained a lot of ideas from the gardening section on how to improve my plants , vegetables and flowers .
Everyone needs this : ] ,
Although , app sometimes crashes on my iPad .
I love it & amp ; I don t have any issues with it .
I have an iPhone 4 and no not_bugs to not_report .
I would like to see an easier / faster way to clean up pins on my own boards instead of doing one by one board by board .
I really like this app but it is constantly crashing my iPad .
Thank you for adding a way to report spam and other inappropriate material !
The ideas are great , we just have trouble getting to the actual instruction part of the project !
This app never not_fails to not_find what I m looking for !
I have found so many recipes that have made me seem like a kitchen rock star !
everything you could possibly think of is here and can save with one click ,
Since I updated to iOS 7 , Pinterest is constantly crashing my iPad .
I have resorted to using Pinterest now through Safari or chrome instead because I don t seem to have the same problems as with the app .
Also , since I ve been a long time Pinterest user I would like to update my boards .
I wish there was a way to go into a board and click multiple pins to transfer them to a new board .
I m in total love with this app , it helping me a lot with how to decorate my room or how to do my make up well with a bunch of things .
I just really enjoy everything I find on pinterest .
Never had a problem .
I love this app and you need to get it , it s amazing .
I love that you can find anything you are ever looking for on Pinterest !
I never have not_any not_problems out of Pinterest .
Can we get this fixed ?
Please fix this .
Just a small bug that could hopefully be fixed .
My go to app whether I m waiting around , need some quick tips , or just need some inspiration .
I wish there was a way to search your pinned items .
I simply just l.o.v.e Pinterest ! !
More links to pictures are not not_working and not_they can be repetitive .
The app works very well and changes made are actual improvements rather than changing things that already work fine .
I try to refresh the app , but nothing helps , then it shuts itself down again .
\\nThe interface is easy but since iOS 7 this app crashes every time I ve used it .
Highly recommend it !
But , big drawback that you can t organize your own pins within your boards .
Updates have made this app even better .
I seriously recommend this app !
Just wish the sane pin could only be posted every so often .
I like the simple design , although sometimes it can be so simple I m not not_sure not_how to get it to do what I want .
It allows me to keep all my thoughts out and together so I don t forget them !
I wish you could have categories inside each board but love love love it !
I just love it , there are so many ideas , great things , places to see and love the history forgoten and of coarse the clothes ! ! ! ?
Thank you thank you thank you ! !
Like if your trying to find chocolate cupcakes you can search for it with a search area .
Still trying to learn how to navigate .
Not sure what is going on , but in the past month or so , Pinterest for iPad crashes to the point that it shuts my entire iPad down and have to turn it back on .
It helped me plan a wedding from 3,000 miles away and helps weekly with dinner recipes .
It s always crashing my iPhone and iPad .
I recommend it to everyone because there is everything !
I can t stop pinning !
All my gardening ideas are always at my fingertips as well as all my crafting thoughts .
My daughter even created a Christmas wish list which has made shopping so much easier .
The app is pretty sweet and I like the new controls but I ve had trouble with it crashing on my new iPad .
I just wish there was an easy way to communicate with fellow pinners who seem to see the world your way !
Love how it has a bit of everything ?
App crashes my ipad all the time .
Can not not_use not_this app anymore , please get this issue fixed !
Love this app but here is a good suggestion could you please put the boards and pins in alphabetly this would really help as not to not_pin the not_same pin over and over .
Karimrashadw , Love how there is always new content app never not_crashes and not_works flawlessly ,
Judea2002 , I wish that when you exit the app that it would save where you are and when you want to exit the search when you have been looking at it that it would ask you if you were sure you wanted to leave but overall a great app ,
If that weren t an issue I would give 5 stars .
Actually , I can do all 3 at once ?
There are minor issues with the app but none that I am to frustrated with .
I wish I could modify more of my preferences on my account though .
A lot of the kinks have been fixed .
Never had a problem thus far .
There is no not_better not_way to discover new things and find awesome stuff than browsing through Pinterest on an iPad .
Never seems to fail me .
It won t accept my info and it crashes a lot !
Please note & amp ; fix !
The only thing that bothers me is when you click a picture to go to the link and it says its not not_available .
No issues with it crashing on my iphone 5 with iOS 7 .
Overall it s a great fun app , and I love the new features of just holding a pin to repin or like it .
everything you could possibly want is here .
I truly recommend it to anyone .
I simply love Pinterest , but since the new update , it crashes on my iPad a lot .
This problem needs to be fixed immediately !
It always needs me to login twice because the first time `` failed '' .
I just love the fact that I can look at other peoples ideals from fashion , food , craft etc . ,
Love going on the Pinterest app when I need ideas for things .
I love this app but it continually crashes my iPad ! !
It even reboots my iPad sometimes when it crashes .
Now if only they let you split your folders easier or have sub folders ! !
If you need ideas or need to share some it s the best app to do it .
I just wish you could pin items on Facebook ( like recipes ) .
Great app I ve never not_had a not_problem with it , I just love it .
Love this app , use it a lot , but every time I open it on my iPhone , it gives me a login error and sometimes crashes .
Not a major problem and a worthwhile app , especially if you need to waste a little time .
App crashes and freezes constantly .
However , there seems to be a few issues .
It s an idea cloud that you can pull infinite wisdom from when trying something new .
I recommend this to everyone !
Updated and now it crashes every time I open a site and try to go back to Pinterest .
I need Pinterest rehab !
I like this app a ton bit if we have to share our personal info , we should be allowed to promote business and personal likes more freely and tag websites !
This app crashes my ipad constantly !
I love all the creative ideas & amp ; how to s..
I ve never not_had a not_problem .
This app is so easy to use , and has everything you need !
I am interested in visual art and I find that their policies regarding nudity fail to make space for artistic depictions of the human body .
Please fix your iPad app .
Anytime I need some inspiration for DIY projects , or a good recipe , or pretty much anything , just open up Pinterest and you ll find something cool .
Never crashes like other apps .
Problems happen and nothing is perfect but I know others have this problem and its been ongoing for a long while now .
Who needs a wedding planner when you have Pinterest !
I love how this app gets you to think creatively and I think the ideas are great ! ! !
If I see a recipe that I want to try for a summer barbecue but it s still November , I just pin it on my summer board .
Please don t ruin it .
Just wish you could swipe through pics ,
I haven t any issues as others expressed .
Just got a brand new ipad air and this app crashes it every time i open it .
Please fix it .
I have so many ideas for tattoos I want and how to decorate my future house .
Ideas for food I want to cook or experiment with , and how to soup up my car .
I love the app on my iPhone , however when I use it on my iPad with the most recent update it causes it to `` crash '' ( i.e . restart it s self ) .
I love the new update and I love that you can scroll through the pins individually ! ! ! ! ! !
I love this app but since the newest update it crashes often , usually when I am following a link .
I can t think of a single improvement that could be made .
Everything you need in one app ! !
It has helped me do creative things for my kids and family that I would have never not_been not_able to think of on my own !
\\nWho needs a magazine when you can browse Pinterest !
Gives me my pinning fix when I need it !
\\n\\nwish ALL sites had directions on how to do projects .
Then you have to scroll down & amp ; try to find your place !
Love the pinterest app just wished it wouldn t crash all the time !
If I wanted Pinterest to know those things I would let it , but I don t so STOP asking already ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
It is by far one of the best apps available .
However , since the newest update my iPad crashes often !
Overall I recommend the app .
I love this app because I can create different boards and pin all my favorite things based on categories .
I love Pinterest , but it s crashing my ipad .
Of course it needs to be said that I like Pinterest so much that it made the homepage on my iMac as well .
If you don t have it you have been missing out ! !
\\nAlthough , it crashes on me a good bit .
How could you not not_love not_this app ?
Yes , there may be a lot of things that girls may find more useful , but it can also offers guys great ideas for gifts and things your girlfriend/mom may like .
s , Nice interface but crashes frequently on my iPad ( the one good thing is it restarts on the last pin ) .
If you try to rotate the iPad while viewing a picture , it won t just crash the app , but reboot the entire iPad .
Love this app and it works perfectly on my iPhone 5 couldn t ask for a better app , perfect for when I need an idea on certain things .
Everyone needs it !
I love this app please keep it the same !
So amazing and very addicting I mean why shouldn t you go on it ?
I love Pinterest , but this app has been crashing my Ipad every time I use it since the last update or two .
If I am on it longer than 15 minutes my Ipad will crash continually .
I even shut down my iPad 3 and turned it back on and still had the problem .
Please do a fix or upgrade or whatever it s called .
I just got engaged and a friend suggested the site .
Has everything I need to pin and feed my Pinterest addiction .
I love the Pinterest app , but it will crash occasionally .
Now it crashes constantly .
Never have had a problem on my iphone I love it !
I have to revise my review since it is working great right now .
How is that possible ?
I wish there was a way to make sub folders within the folders .
Hkjdoit , Great app to provide quick saving of things you are interested in and providing the information to others .
Just takes a small bit to get use to how and when the pins are saved and moving them when they end up in the wrong place .
Definitely recommend this app .
I can t imagine NOT having Pinterest !
I just don t like how if you go side to side it shows a different pin and it doesn t go back to what you were looking at .
Sometimes I seem to get kicked out , but it s easy to get back in and I think it could be because I need to update my iPad .
Never had any problem with it and love the pictures .
The only I would like to see is a feature that would allow you to search through your own personal boards for specific pins .
It crashes and/or freezes at least every other use .
This app for iPad crashes a lot , wouldn t update new pins .
A `` completed '' option or way to rate it afterward ( recipes for example ) would be great .
Would be perfect if there was a way to sort my boards alphabetically .
My only problem is I m using my iPad and periodically I get booted out of the app .
Google has tons of ridiculousness and paid ads to sift through before you find what you re looking for .
How did I ever do anything before this app ?
I have never not_had not_any problems .
I d recommend this to any pinner !
I have been having all kinds of trouble with the app freezing and crashing , not just the not_app not_but also my whole iPad .
Please , Please Please fix this problem so I can get back to loving this wonderful website .
I love the site & amp ; it is very helpful when I need anything from a recipe , an awesome quote , or home decorative ideas ! !
Idk what happened but my pintrest app on the iPad keeps crashing everytime I try to open it !
I use Pinterest to save for what i love , discover new delights and plan out creative projects the sites a bit glitchy sometimes but I use it daily anyways : ) ,
When I use it , it crashes and shuts my iPad down , then it restarts .
It needs a bug fix !
\\n\\nThe very best feature is how you can just hold your finger down in a pin , and a bunch of options pop up .
I can t stop !
Please add `` undo '' button because I deleted one of my boards by mistake ( thought I was deleting an item from my board ) .
I highly recommend buying !
AlaskaCowgirl , Me and my man both use Pinterest and love it so love how the app works flawlessly on the phone no not_crashes not_no problems at all !
New IPad Air downloaded app and crash and lost info just fix app !
I love how easy it is to pull up in the store to find the ingredients or supplies I need .
Everyone should have one , you will never not_get not_off of it ,
Never have an issue ,
But for something like Pinterest , which needs constant updates its a really good app .
I have never not_had not_any issues whatsoever with this app .
But it has been having loading problems and I am up on all updates .
This app crashes all the time on my iPad .
Love the app , but I could use an automatic shut off so I don t spend two hours at one time surfing Pinterest . : ) ,
Never had any issues & amp ; the updates are nice .
What did I do before Pinterest ? ! ?
One of the only apps that actually provides updates you can notice !
I love this app on the iPad the only issue is that it crashes all the time .
Please fix this .
It does occasionally crash but it opens right back up !
I am always pulling up recipes I have pinned when I m at the grocery store and need to buy the ingredients .
I love Pinterest and never not_had\\n not_Any problems now all of a sudden It has been crashing ,
This is my go to app for everything just love it .
I can t get any sleep cuz I m on Pintrest all hours ! !
Easy to use ; almost never not_crashes .
You can find anything and create anything ! ! ! !
Soooooo annoying , can hardly not_use not_app anymore .
Hope issue gets sorted out soon because it s a huge problem .
I have no not_issues with not_this version on my iPhone 4 , I hope this is how it stays for a while !
Takes up waaay too much of my time , but artists needs ideas , right ?
If these bugs could be fixed perfect ! ! !
I especially love when you can touch a pin and swipe it to either pin , like , or send , also how you can take pictures for it or pictures from the internet right off the website !
I think Pinterest is awesome because you find all kind of arts and crafts stuff you also find awesome hair and beauty and a lot of the time plain humor .
I like ( and use ) the app version of Pinterest just as much as the desktop version .
Haven t had any problems with the app .
I m sure I pin way to much , but I recommend it ,
But it crashes so often and on smartphones it s ver sensitive .
Highly recommend it ! !
Need an idea on how to decorate for Halloween ?
Want to know how to tie a scarf 30 different ways ?
Look for ideas and just get some motivation for the day ,
Very seldom is there a problem with Pinterest .
Matter of fact , I can t remember the last time there was a problem .
Pinterest provides ideas , entertainment and expression .
Good job pintrest keep up what you re doing and I ll eternally love this app .
In fact there are so many great project ideas that my sisters and I are going to have a Pinterest project weekend over thanksgiving .
1 stars because it frequently crashes and often brings down iOS 7 .
It took me awhile to get into Pinterest and I still am learning but I love to sit in the early morning and evening and just explore the different topics and get many good ideas that I repin .
Easy to use and I have not not_had not_any problems except I use it to much .
\\n\\nThanks for adding the ability to change the board pics from the app , so much easier !
Great for busy people who have a lot of ideas and better for those who need to gather some ideas/creativity .
Pinterest has been one of my favorite websites for about a year , and having it so convenient on my phone just enhances the experience .
This app has crashed about 7 times in the last hour .
Never had any issues .
\\n\\nI wish there were 1 ) a to do list platform within the app 2 ) time line/due date platform in the app so that I can set my boards as goal boards to accomplish things 3 ) a way to integrate my Pinterest life into my other social media lives .
It helps me help my vendors during this thing called wedding planning ... all my ideas are right there ... no not_carrying my not_laptop and all these magazines and random images ... there all right at my fingertips !
Never really had any problems or glitches and not not_too not_many updates .
You have to get it !
I have not not_had not_any problems and I use the app every day !
I can stay on it for hours it has anything & amp ; everything I need or want !
It crashes all the time .
I try to open a pin and it crashes or I try to close a link after looking at a pin and it crashes .
I just adore this app ! ! !
Works great on my iPhone 5 but I am constantly having issues with is on the iPad 3 .
Ipad app Crashes when opening persons pin or pins URL address .
The features are great and I never have not_any not_issues .
I love using this app it s always available when I have a moment to spare without not_logging in !
At first I was a little worried it was a problem with the device , but after reading previous reviews apparently I m not not_alone in not_this .
Please fix the crashing problem on iPad .
I love this app but I can t help but wonder why it smells like farts .
It crashes a lot and freezes .
Please fix this .
I love the app , but it crashes often and I can t get back to the exact pin I was admiring .
If you want to know about something and save it , this is the place to go .
Plus now you see who posted it .
I don t really care who posts what .
Please CHANGE this ASAP ! !
Just change this layout ! !
I love the app but it crashes multiple times per day .
ArtChickStudio , Used to be great , but now it crashes on my iPad almost every time I use it .
Or , it will suddenly stop opening pins so I can t pin anything .
The issue I have is that the app crashes often when in use and if I change the screen orientation .
I spend hours on it and can t think of a better place to pick up ideas for ANYTHING !
Please fix this .
It crashes quite often on my Kindle 2 . )
Either causes total reboot , or closes and you lose what you wanted to see in first place .
Please , please fix this .
Great app and they seem to fix any issues pretty quickly .
I had no not_problem not_using it on my iPad but since the updates it crashes & amp ; even at times reboots my iPad .
Please fix the bugs .
Never have problems with it .
When you click on a picture you are not not_able to not_go to the original website .
Love this app but have had problems with it closing before I want to with the latest update .
Have never not_had a not_problem .
but sometimes it just closes and shows error about connection .
Used to love Pinterest but recently they added `` related pins '' and there is no way to not_turn not_off the function .
This should have been introduced as optional and limits my privacy on my home page .
I use this app every single day and have had no not_problems with not_crashing or anything .
I never not_had a not_problem with this app .
Though , the app crashes so much that I usually get frustrated .
Yeppersitsreviewgirl , It works well but always crashes and logs me out so I have to log back in .
It has anything and everything you would want to have and know about ,
However , the app constantly crashes on my iPad .
How about interior decorating help ?
Unable to use because it crashes my iPad .
I just love it ! ! ! !
How did I live without it not_?
I just love the app .
I just can t stop pinning .
It s so easy to use , and my favorite category `` DIY '' \\nThe only issue I have is that it crashes a bit and gets me off the app when I open random things .
When I first got this app it was doing fine but now it just gives me problems .
But lately it has been crashing on me .
Please fit the problem !
Everyone should have this ! !
Some people pin so many of the same type of pin I can t even find my friends .
Why has this changed ?
For whatever you need : recipes , school , excersises , crafts .
Never had any problems here .
I love the program but it frequently crashes on my iPad ,
/ just recently anyway ) iPad app CRASHES .
I get bummed when it crashes in the middle of a search tho .
The app crashes a lot .
Still alerts me when a friend creates a board and I have it turned off .
Recent bugs are annoying though ,
I have had recent problems with ap closing without not_notice .
Never had a problem only problem you can t get me off it ever .
No glitches or crashes .
please put the time at the top .
However , the app crashes constantly on my iPad .
I know there is some complicated way to pin videos , but you need to be able to pin them and that s it .
Your app just keeps improving LOVE all the new features and the way the app is set up is very user friendly .
I get a notice for an update to fix something that never not_affected me not_using the app in the first place .
Recent improvements have made this app even easier to use .
The best app but it crashes constantly on my ipad ... .ughhhhhhhh\\nPlease fix it ,
Everyone NEEDS it !
Please Fix this problem .
I never not_had a not_problem before but last 2 times that you updated it keeps Crashing !
Please just Fix this Crash !
Example , I have a photography board , maybe inside of the photography board I could have other folders/boards .
Please , Please fix this bug .
I love this app it s so much fun and it had everything you need right at the tip of your fingers ,
It is amazing the amount of information you can find on any subject ! ! ! ! ! !
Please put out an update to fix my favorite app .
It crashes on my iPad once in awhile , but I love the app over all .
And i just love everything about it .
I really wish that you could choose things that you like so that your home page learns what you like and shows you closely related things .
The app works well , and it s a great place to share and get ideas but its sometimes confusing to navigate and difficult to figure out how to pin outside stuff .
Please fix the crashing issues !
Love the app except when it crashes sometimes when opening pins , otherwise it s great !
Just the break I need when I need five ( or 15 ) minutes for myself .
Then it crashes .
Love the app need more time to pin !
If you need an idea for a recipe or craft it will be here ! !
Love it ... crashes too much on my Kindle and my iPad , but works great on my iMac and my iPhone .
I love the app on my iPhone I m very glad Pintrest is available and handy .
Every time in have Pinterest app running it crashes my whole iPad and restarts it .
I use it all the time and I never have an not_issue .
I recommend this app !
I suggest you just download it ... don t think just do !
Jojannna , This is an awesome app , I highly recommend it .
Hardly ever have issues .
Great app definitely recommend downloading !
I need my Pinterest ! ! !
It s just a bug that I m sure will be fixed soon .
I like having access on my phone and it works great .
This is a great app i have little problems with it and its really cool .
They provide it !
And , may I say , cookbooks no longer not_need to not_be published .
This wasn t an issue with the previous app , hopefully it s fixed soon .
All the ideas I get are from this app !
But it has crashed a few times .
Works great , never not_crashes .
Such a great app now just need an iPad app ,
I can t always click on a recipe or instructions without not_being not_zapped out , then good luck finding the pin again .
It s exactly what you want Pinterest to be on an iPad ,
Love it and I think I need a 12 step program ! !
The app is crashing a lot .
I try yo pin and it crashes .
Just crashes some .
I love Pinterest i have become a Pinterest addict however I m having trouble with Pinterest logging me out and then when I try to sign back in stays frozen for a whole day in the login screen please fix this because I have not not_been not_able to use this app since this started ,
do not not_like not_how the everything board stops after a while when scrolling .
Awesome never not_crashes not_love the new update ,
I have never not_had not_any issues with this app .
I just love this app !
Word of caution ... once you start you can t stop !
Although many have said they ve had crashing problems I have not not_had not_any issues .
I use Pinterest several times per week for material to plan the classes I teach .
Wish I could send pins via text to others instead of just email , etc . wish also , I could find friends that don t have a Facebook ... can t seem to do that .
It would be nice if you could fix the terrible sign in experience .
Pop up of that there are problems signing in and prompting me to clock yes to sign in .
I ve never not_had not_any issues with it on my iPhone 4 ,
Love all the great things that are available at your finger tips on here !
That way I could have a wedding folder , and a folder inside that for bridesmaids , one for groomsmen , one for dresses and etc . also I feel like you should be able to have more than 3 secret categories ,
The main issue that it continues to have is poor browser function .
The browser is very regularly crashing when displaying pages .
\\n\\nIt is also disappointing that the `` Send to Safari '' link was removed .
Pintrest is an absolute addiction and should be avoided at all costs ! ! !
I can t put my iPhone/Computer down because I can t stop looking at this fabulous site .
Please don t change anything !
If they were to fix those two little issues , I would be a 5 star happy camper .
Love Pinterest but the bugs need to get fixed !
And I really love that you can hold down to send the pin , like it , and pin !
Hate that you can t report spam or a broken link from your phone .
Also I would love an easy way to text links to myself so I can remember what I had planned for dinner and can easily access from the stove .
Please keep the recipes coming ! ! !
Great place to learn how to do new things ,
It is easy to use let you learn how to cook ,
However , as much as I m addicted , it needs a couple fixes .
And the only other thing that needs fixing is that the app has started to increasingly crash on me while I m using it .
I ve learned how to sew , take better pictures , cook more meals and numerous ways to educate my kids .
For example : In my `` Food '' pins , which are a lot , I wish there was a search bar or a way to find a particular pinned recipe easier than just scrolling until I find it .
Every time I open the app in my iPhone 4 , it tells me that my login failed and that I have to try again or quit .
Please fix this issue .
Otherwise really like this app even better if the cache situation could be decreased .
After last update ( 10/23 ) , the Pinterest Ipad app is crashing my Ipad .
\\n\\n ... still , after most recent update ( 11/12 ) , Pinterest is still crashing my Ipad .
Love this app , but you HAVE to change it so I can view it in landscape mode !
When I paste in the URL and hit `` pin it '' , even on a site with a ton of images that has no not_problem on my not_actual computer , it only works about 10 % of the time .
Wish I knew how to post some of my own stuff onto my page tho .
But it freezes and crashes so many times and it never not_loads not_so you have to kill the app then reopen it .
Never had a problem .
358842246809714 , Love it , although since the latest update , it crashes a lot .
( My husband wants to know when you ll be sending someone out to do the housework . )
The only problem I ve ever had is that it shuts down sometimes when I pin from safari on my iPad .
Highly recommended to anyone who needs to organize their ideas .
I use for everything : ) very handy for all the `` how to do '' type of crafts and exercises .
I have made so many things from here , ordered from people who post their stuff linked from Pinterest and enjoy looking at everything on here !
So many great ideas , the app is easy to use and no not_issues .
I love the new features that allow you to like , re pin , or send by just pressing the picture .
This app is MUCH more fun than Farcebook , and actually provides artistic , culinary and creative inspiration .
They changed how to share content , and it s kind of obnoxious .
I have had no not_issues .
I have no not_issues with not_crashing .
Please fix the app soon !
I love that you can upload pics and see similar places also .
It works great on my iPhone 5 never not_had not_any problems and I use it daily .
Definitely has recently worked out some kinks but there are still issues that I have brought up several times .
It s nice to have the option in the beginning to make a board secret but there needs to be an option once the board is already created and you change your mind that you can change the audience .
I would like to have board clusters or groups for similar subjects and I would like to be able to change the order of the boards .
The easiest way to receive a variety of information in one place is a good way to describe why Pinterest is my favorite app .
Since the last ISO 7 update only this app crashes my iPad .
I love seeing what others create .
The latest update has way too many bugs .
It s better than Facebook : ) Only request would be if Pinterest would let me know if I pin something twice to the same board .
The only negative is that it crashes sometimes ,
Haven t had any problems .
I highly recommend this app , it is an app for everybody .
Lots of crashing on my IPAD app though developers really need to stabilize this app .
It s easy to use and I love that you can re pin or like pins to save them for later .
It has provided me with very fun activities , crafts , ideas for life , and has helped me create a more positive environment in which to raise my children !
If you need a Quick recipe , gift idea or craft Pinterest proves many options .
Pinterest has a great lay out and easy to navigate but the crashing needs to be fixed .
\\nI like how you are working to make this a safe , uplifting site .
This was my favorite site but lately nov 2013 it has been crashing on my iPad almost every time I go on it .
It is so helpful and has thee best ideas , information , and anythings else you want to know or need .
Can you do something about it crashing all the time ?
Since I updated it it likes to shut down occasionally that s my only problem with it .
I love the ideas and outfits and you can totally plan your whole wedding here ! !
I love love love this app but on my iPad it crashes constantly ! !
They need to fix this ASAP ! !
I get most of my arts and craft projects for this site : ) never not_fails to have not_something new and wonderful to try ! !
This is my favorite app so please get it : ) ,
& amp ; I don t need to see it again !
It crashes and is terribly slow .
Never had any problems with it !
I can t stop pinning .
I love this app and they have made amazing strides in fixing issues .
I can not not_use my not_pin it button from websites to pin things .
Please fix this ASAP !
I have as many problems with this app as I do with Facebook !
It shuts down on its own , half the time I can t log in , I ve lost pins to who knows where .
How about stop apologizing and FIX the problem ? ! ?
This is the greatest for gathering ideas and finding out how to do .
I am currently redecorating my home and all my ideas are from Pinterest ! !
For some reason it won t even let me login , and because of that , I can t access Pinterest from the app from my iphone 5 , which is really frustrating since I love the program .
The app is great but am using iPad 3rd Gen with iOS 7.03 and it crashes a lot .
First , since the update slower pinning is required .
When I need a break from the hussle and bussle of real life , Pinterest is my go to .
Occasionally it crashes lately or I need to re sign in .
If this feature could be added it would most definitely be 5 stars .
Usually after I have a problem it is fixed instantly within the next week .
Great app but needs more recipes .
Love trying the recipes , getting home/gardening ideas , & amp ; a laugh when I need it !
I love Pinterest , however , I hate it on the iPad because it crashes constantly .
Only wish there was a way to take previous pins and group them more specifically .
You will NOT be able to put it down ! ! !
Please you need to fix ASAP cause I love my PINTEREST .
I just luv it .
Recent updates have really made the app work much more smoothly .
I highly recommend this , but be aware what you are doing .
Never have any problems with it .
I still think is a great app but lately it s been crashing a lot and every time I open it , it crashes o.O can somebody fix this ! ! !
It works great most of the time and occasionally it has bugs on my iPhone 5 .
When I don t have problems I love it ,
I have some issues with this app and site .
\\n\\nAs for pins , it would be nice if you could organize them on the board ( as you would actually do in reality ) .
Please don t change it or do anything to screw it up .
Never had a problem and I use it constantly !
I only need to be notified once .
When I fixed I will update my review .
I recommend it to anyone who loves Pinterest as much as I do ,
Every time I click on the app with my IPhone it says my login failed and I have to hit retry and it works .
I haven t had any problems since I ve joined early this year .
Please do an update .
Love this app a lot , but it crashes every now and then .
\\n Unfortunately I recently downloaded and update to Pinterest and have had nothing but problems accessing this app .
AND NEED TO RESET PASSWORD , I TRY AND SAYS I NEED RESET MY PASSWORD AS IM TRYING TO .
Since the last update , I have it crash on me at least 4 5 times a day .
Please fix it .
I love that Pinterest has made me into a domestic goddess .
It s a good app , only I used my iPad and it s crashed a lot ! !
To tell u the truth I started out happy with my Pinterest until today I really can t stand it anymore !
Only problem is I can t pin it from my iPhone .
I have become addicted ... so many worse things I could be addicted to ,
Taylor Swift s lookalike , Lately ( and I haven t ever had this problem before ) , every time I try to change a caption on a pin before I pin it , I ll type a few letters and then Pinterest decides to cancel that and go back to the overview of the pin .
Of you are on it for awhile it will close out on you .
I can t even sign in anymore from my iphone , just keeps saying authenticating ... ..please fix ! ! !
I have had no not_problems on my not_iPhone .
I also think there needs to be an easy way to pin things from neighboring websites onto a board via mobile .
I know there are some complex ways , but please make a mobile `` Pin It ! ''
Jo in Denver , If you ve ever compulsively ripped pages out of magazines , or are like me with a whole filing system for them , you NEED to be using Pinterest .
I love this App , but it has been crashing my iPad which it never not_did not_before and it is frustrating !
I highly recommend this app ! ! !
Enjoy the variety of pictorial subjects available .
I really wish you could see the top bar of the iPad while in the app ( the clock , wifi , battery usage bar ) .
Please bring this function back ! ! !
I kind of figure out how to fix the crash .
Just delete the app and install it again .
This app is great when it works , but it crashes and freezes all the time .
It was working great and then it began to lag , now it crashes a lot .
I love Pinterest , but now I can t pin without not_being not_interrupted .
Please fix it so I can enjoy it again .
My fiancee and I have found so many projects that we can t wait to do with our first home we just bought !
Site crashes every time I open a pin .
Please fix this bug !
I ll be looking at something and it will just crash .
please fix ASAP and thanks !
In addition , it is impossible to get back to your place after it crashes .
I am missing out on so many ideas just when I need them .
Please fix this !
I like the app , but why did they take away the option to save the pin on your camera roll ? ?
Pinterest is a wonderful app , until very recently when it crashes my iPad .
Very annoying and it needs an update .
I might be stuck , but it seems like it was a problem that had been fixed .
Now it seems to be missing again with latest update .
This app crashes my iPad I used it one day for about half an hour and it crashed 6 times .
Please fix this as I love browsing Pinterest on my iPad !
It crashes about every five minutes : ( otherwise I love it , and I ve loved the older versions ,
Crash crash crash crash crash crash . & gt ;
It crashes constantly , or it can t find my pins .
We need a fix .
Can we please get a SURVIVAL category ? ! !
This app crashes my iPad .
But we need a way to search your own boards to easily find stuff within the stuff you have already pinned ! ! ! ! ! !
Now it crashes frequently .
Just when I m about to pin sth good it crashes .
iPad crashes while using app EVERY TIME !
Please fix it .
love pinterest but every other thing I pin crashes my iPad 3 to where it restarts !
That bug needs to be fix .
I love the easy fast pinning but the bug is a chore .
I just have to keep the iPad on locked orientation if I want to use the pinterest app .
Great on my iPhone , but crashes my iPad every time .
The only thing I don t love about this app is the problems I have pinning items from Facebook and other sites .
Not sure if it s the iPad , Pinterest or me that s the problem .
The only way to fix it is by deleting the app and re downloading it .
I may quickly exit and it still requires me to login .
Others are having the same problem .
Please fix it !
Everytime I go into Pinterst , it completely crashes my ipad .
PLEASE FIX so I can use the app again .
Last update added more languages instead addressing issue .
It keeps crashing every time I try to pin something , please fix this issue .
I will be in the middle of looking and it just kicks me off .
Please fix it !
Each time you guys update the app , the problems just gets worse and worse !
Whoever Pinterest has working on this app needs to be fired because , they are NOT doing their job !
Please fix this app ASAP ! ! !
But since the last update , it crashes , and freezes .
Please fix this or I will be deleting it .
I can rarely not_sign in and not_I can t pin anything .
Please fix this because I love Pinterest !
Please fix it .
I absolutely LOVE Pinterest ... .but , lately it is crashing every time I close a pin window .
Plus , when I go to pin something ... all my boards are missing even though on my main profile it says I have all my boards .
Every time I try to use it , it crashes my ipad .
Crashes my entire iPad and causes it to restart ! ! !
Since the November 7 update , anything I do on Pinterest will eventually crash iPad .
I just love the many great ideas for crafts !
App continues to crash on my iPad forcing a shutdown .
Which I guarantee I didn t. I just have to hit `` Try again , '' and I m logged in , but this should probably be fixed .
Then I wouldn t have to scroll all around and could just use the little alphabet marker instead .
I just wish there was a way to see all your pins in your board without not_having to not_delete any .
Please fix it .
Please fix this issue , as I really like using this app .
Please fix this .
Since I switched to iPhone 5C I can t pin directly from Safari or via other apps ( e.g . Huff post etc ) .
If it s possible to share to Facebook , Twitter and Google+ it should be made possible for Pinterest .
Please fix this .
Just downloaded the newest update and now the app crashes whenever I hit the `` X '' button .
Love this app and never not_had not_any problems previously with it .
Uninstalling because it s no not_use to me not_if I can t sign in .
This app crashed my iPad so horribly that Apple replaced my iPad because they thought it was defective .
I thought they were right , but now when in Pinterest on this new iPad , it crashes and shuts down the entire iPad again .
I will not not_go on not_Pinterest until I see you have created an update to solve this problem .
There are secret boards which work well whenever I want only certain people to see what I post .
The iPad app constantly crashes .
Will there be a fix soon ?
Please fix this ! ! !
That would be nice to turn off .
I loved the Pinterest App until I updated my iPhone4 to the 10.07.03 .
I persist in this despite the fact that the app frequently lags in responsiveness and sometimes crashes .
Please fix this .
Desperately needs enhancement to launch a slideshow from selected Boards ( s ) ! ! ! !
\\n\\nPinning a pic should not not_add not_previous pinners tacky comments as a default .
Had updated the app and now I can t log in at all : ( had to go km safari to use it !
Loved this on my iPad but now it crashes and makes my iPad completely go black and restart .
It crashes all the time in my ipad .
It crashes then rests my IPad after a couple minutes of browsing ! ! !
Please fix this issue .
I love Pinterest , but since the new update on the latest iOS , it crashes all the time and my iPad has to reboot .
Continues to crash and restart entire iPad .
I love that you can continue to be surprised by the new stuff you find !
I haven t had any problems with it at all .
This works great on my iPhone but crashes continually on my iPad Air .
Ever since I have downloaded the last 2 updates , Pinterest has not not_been not_working well .
When closing out a screen after pinning , my iPad may crash and reboot .
The site could be working fine for awhile and then suddenly crash .
Why is there no longer an not_option to not_`` save to camera roll '' ? ?
It now crashes more often .
It works pretty well , but still crashes sometimes on my ipad .
Now when I open the app , I have the main screen telling me to log in and it still fails .
Gon na have to delete it if this keeps up .
\\n\\nLove it so much I can t stop ! !
I just did the update and now I can t get on ! ! ! !
Highly recommend it for great ideas on the widest possible range of things .
The lag is ridiculous , doesn t load anything , and that cool little feature that would tell you when you already pinned something is gone !
I ve been with Pinterest since its very start and I ve never not_been not_more upset , please fix it .
Before the newest ios update it was great now it crashes not only the not_app not_but the ipad itself every ten minutes or so .
The Pinterest app crashes ALL the time on my iPad .
Love this app , but since the update I can t log in anymore unless I delete app and reinstall .
I ve always logged in via Facebook and so I m not not_sure not_what my email log in is so I can t log in .
My only problem is being on it too much : ) ,
I don t usually write app reviews but this app is worth it and I will be keeping it on my home screen .
Please fix this !
Pinterest never not_fails to not_keep me from boredom .
I love Pinterest , but with this new update it crashes constantly and even reboots by ipad !
Fix this please so I can use my favorite site again .
My iPad is updated with the iOS 702 and this app is still crashing .
I even updated the app itself .
Makes pinning easy and love that I don t need to be at a computer !
It gets slow and often fails when I try to repin or report a pin .
This version still crashes my iPad 3 , all the way to a sudden restart .
Please fix whatever is wrong with this app since the previous version so I can go back to 5 starring it .
When I need some new ideas for decorating or my recipes seem `` same old , same old '' , I turn to Pinterest for inspiration !
It never not_fails to not_get me going !
Love the ideas an the creations of how to make things ! ! !
Please fix it soon !
Love this app , but there are so many bugs with the last update .
It crashes frequently , and several times has crashed my entire iPad and restarted it .
Please send a new update to fix these !
When can we expect an update to fix the crashing/rebooting iPad problem ?
Might need to start a Pinterest Anonymous group lol ,
I was even able to hand make everything for the baby shower I through for my best friend and was able to share all the pins I posted with her by making my own board and sharing with her after each post .
My only issue with it is that it may be a little too addictive .
Examples : If Yu need HELP , they give Yu a Button ( To No Where ) to click , and then there isn t any way to contact P HQ to get help .
Then I try to let them know that there is a Bug , I click on that Button To No Where They don t have the App set up well for an iPhone where Yu can rotate the phone to see the items better or to make them larger with your fingers , which would be beneficial in their faulty and so called `` HELP '' center page or on their App Site Page .
If they actually take this to heart , they know how to send me an email .
Oh , and Yu can t use your iPhone Emoji icons , why not not_?
\\nMaybe these are possible and I just don t know how to use it ?
Sad amanda , I upgraded my Pinterest app on my iPhone and I have not not_been not_able to get in .
It s so addicting , I can t stop pinning ! ! !
If no one not_else not_can see them , then why the F can t they have anything I want on them ?
I like the idea of idea of seeing what other people are into just to find out you are not not_alone with not_what you like .
I love this app but it is crashing all of the time .
I love it so much can t live with out it lol ,
Makes accessing my boards simple , especially when I forget my grocery list and I am making a recipe I pinned !
Sometimes it s crashing and sometimes it s running like an Olympic gold medalist .
Everything under the sun can be found there .
Pinterest at this time is frozen ... can t download picture , I ve been trying for over an hour !
\\nI love other aspects , don t have many problems , but RIGHT NOW I WANT MY PICTURE TO USE IN A POST .
Please fix that !
This place is the best of all my apps .i love it so much , if you are not on it you not_should not_be soon ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
It s bad enough that this app constantly crashes , but now it also reboots my iPad !
I have an iPhone 5c and have no not_issues with not_this app .
But it often will reload a page and completely loose what I was working on pinning , soo aggravating when it does that ! !
This app is just amazing ; I m completely addicted to it , but : When something is running great , why change it ? ?
After the last upgrade , the related pins feature don t work properly ; I can t found all my past pins in my walls ; the notifications are not not_current not_; it crashes all the time ; there is no not_blocking not_followers option ; there should be a more fast o easy save image option ( like the press and hold pin it or like new option ) ! ! !
If you need visual inspiration , this should be your first stop .
s iPhone , Would be a great app if it did not not_crash and not_cause my iPad to crash at the same time .
This app needs to be fixed .
Accidentally added a pin onto a wrong board , and the only way I can get rid of the pin is by only deleting the whole board , and I don t want to do that .
Yes love it even more now that you can create private boards !
So fun too much fun that I forget the time ! !
I try exiting out of the app but it still does the same thing : ( .
David Bergsland , All of the controls for editing profiles , setting main images , rearranging boards , pin it bookmarklet to pin web images , and so on are missing .
\\n\\nWhat is available works very well .
Please fix this app .
It crashed the entire iPad .
I just love Pinterest !
Can t wait to see what other features you can add to Pinterest .
Multiple times I go to open it and there was a problem with the log in or else no not_pins not_are shown and I have to close and open it a few times before it will work .
Haven t had any problems with the last version myself .
It has been crashing for the last week !
Not only crashing the app , but , when the app crashes it crashes my iPad !
I see something I like and BAM it crashes , then I have to wait a few seconds for my iPad to recover .
So easy you can use it anywhere .
Please fix this !
Come on , please fix this ! !
Constantly crashes my iPad , so annoying !
It works very well and allows me to plan my wedding on the go !
Navigation between pins could be improved .
Love Pinterest , would love it if you brought back the `` you pinned this already '' to avoid double pins , wonder if you could do that with pins already pinned in folders too to clean them out ?
Actually crashes the whole ipad .
I can get lost for \\nhours , now I need to start making all of the awesome stuff I pinned ,
We love Pinterest and it used to work fine but since the October updates it crashes out randomly whenever we use it and crashes the whole iPad too .
However after this recent update , Pinterest continuously crashes after about 15 minutes .
Will definitely change my ratings to 5 stars once this issue is fixed and Pinterest returns to the way it used to be .
However , I hate when they do updates it crashes from time to time .
I don t have to search the web for every little thing everything is on here .
It crashes , restarts , and kills my battery , please fix iPad version ,
Haven t had any problems .
What is happening with Pinterest ?
Redirects to sites I prefer to stay away from that start bombarding you with ads ( original pinner s mistake ? )
I never not_do not_app reviews but I felt compelled to voice the fact that the latest Pinterest update has failed consistently for me .
It keeps logging me out , fails to connect to Facebook and will frequently crash .
I love this app I just wish it wouldn t freeze up all the time .
Love the App but constantly crashes and reboots my ipad , Will give it a 5 stars once its fixed .
It helped me plan our wedding from my hair to the decorations .
Only problem I have is when I go to change the caption on a pin I m about to pin .
This is sort of difficult to explain , and I don t know if anyone else has this problem , but whenever I tap the text box to change a caption , the text box opens as usual and my keyboard pops up .
I d love if this could be fixed in the next update !
Lea1981 , It definitely has some kinks that need to be worked out .
I love Pinterest , it is a wonderful when you have a few minutes to waste .
And it CRASHES ALL THE TIME very frustrating .
No wait is ever too long as long as I can use Pinterest .
From what to make for dinner to how to teach your kids to tie their shoes there is an answer for anything !
NiqueWeb , It crashes ,
Please make more fun features .
J0707 , Love pinterest the app is getting better still crashes but they continue ,
It crashes my IPad ! ! !
A few minutes on here a day will keep you on track !
\\nTruly recommend , you will love it too ! !
, but I can t click on anything without it not_crashing my not_iPad ?
Saves time because you only have to look in one place .
Anything you can think of , you can find on Pinterest : ) ,
I love it just love it ,
It crashes at least once every time I access it .
I have no not_doubt not_this will be fixed in the future .
Constantly crashes since upgrade .
Love the app but it constantly crashes on my iPhone and iPad .
This app crashes with every other pin ... this needs to be fixed ! ! !
Bry & lt ; 3 , This app is amazing , it helps me plan parties , decorate , and find amazing recipes , and the DIY projects are so helpful ,
Everything you could ever want to reminisce , to buy , to do is here .
newest update crashes every 15 seconds ( iPad ) !
Love Pinterest but this release seems buggy , sometimes won t log me in , crashes unexpectedly .
Maybe I m missing something , that seems so basic , but can t figure out how to do it .
I can t stand when I have to either completely reload the app , close and reopen a picture or give up on pinning something completely .
This app used to be one of my favorites , but the crashing issues are awful : ( ,
Before Pinterest we just bookmarked stuff , but this allows you to visually bookmark different sites under categories that you create !
I m finding since the new update I ve not not_been not_able to use this App without it not_crashing my not_entire iPad .
When I can use the App , I find searching my pins or boards doesn t work either .
Is there any chance these things could be fixed soon ?
Cellprincess22 , Please fix ! ! ! !
I can t even open the app it keeps crashing ! ! !
Why does Pinterest need to be rated ?
Otherwise I recommend Pinterest to everyone .
Still learning how to navigate but love to look for outfit ideas , travel destinations , craft ideas , etc .
Once I updated my Pinterest app , it is constantly freezing and crashing my iPad .
Please fix this !
My only issue is not not_enough not_time to actually do all the great projects .
Only wish there was a way to see my boards in a slideshow !
Just remodeled my home and this app was a lifesaver !
Just updated the app and and I m so upset i did .
I love Pinterest and using it on my iPad is my favorite but not not_when it not_crashes all the time .
My mom can use it so that means anyone can figure it out .
This app has been crashing every time I use it .
Love Pinterest , but it needs a bug fix , please !
Absolutely love this app but it crashes on me and shuts down and restarts my iPad and iPhone all the time ,
iPad app keeps crashing , please fix .
Is there a big that needs to be fixed ?
Please , please , please fix it ! !
Is such a pain to where I think I should just quit Pinterest altogether , which is something I don t want to do .
Pinterest is a go to app for anything and everything you need : a recipe , idea and facts about everything I have ever needed ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
When I was first told about pintrest I thought the idea was a foolish waste of time .
Terrible app , constantly crashes and loses network connection !
This update has not only not_slowed my not_iPhone but it has crashed it as well !
Please fix it !
Latest version crashes every time I close a pin after pinning on iPad mini , and completely reboots the new iPad if the image tries to rotate .
Guess I ll need to lock orientation on opening on new iPad , stick to my laptop or iPhone until this gets a bug fix .
The only problem is when you try to look back and get ideas for example : a meal that is different ... you go to your board and it will not not_show not_all of what you pinned .
Can t figure out how to see all your pins at once through scrolling .
Pinterest is really great , there are endless good ideas and info .
I do wish that there was a way to organize you personal boards , like alphabetically or something .
Upon closing some pins , the iPad crashes & amp ; restarts !
just pictures why so much hype ?
SarahB1075 , I just updated & amp ; haven t been able to pin any websites .
Please fix this !
My only wish is that there was a better way of integrating it from safari .
This app provides both .
I recommend it to my patients as a place to find Inspiration in any way they can think of !
I do wish there was a faster way of searching through your folders , it s a waste of time to scroll down 50+ Folders , slows my pinning : ) Maybe add a more efficient search bar ?
There are so many pins on How to do something ... .and Good to know articles .
I have found many projects that I intend to get to work this summer .
I just love the recipes .
I could not have not_planned my not_wedding without it .
I think that each person should be able to change their profile background or color so when people go to your page they aren t just met with the white background ,
just love this app : ) ,
but seriously idk how I could pass the time without not_this not_app it s amazing ?
Specifically the recent pin categories aren t available on the web or iPad versions .
I go to Pinterest any time I need an idea .
It never not_crashed .
I just love it .
I recommend it to all my friends and family .
Already enjoyed the website , this just makes it more convenient to view pins for things like recipes when I need them .
It has everything you need to get your creative juices flowing .
It does crash sometimes though , but in general I don t really have any problems with the app .
I can t figure out how to see which of my fb friends I follow or don t. ,
The only downside is that You can waste a lot of time on it .
Now all it does is crash my iPad .
Easy to use and I have used it multiple times when I have been out at garage sales and needed some inspiration !
Thanks for making finding what I need easier !
But this app crashes all the time !
I really recommend this app for people who are into DIY and fashion and home decor and almost ANYTHING !
Please fix this !
You can use it for everything in your life ,
\\nPlease please please change the viewing of pics though , it s quite irritating not not_being not_able to shift to the next picture hand having to exit the window first to view the next picture .
It sure would be nice to unlock a folder after it was privacy locked and lock others that are normally not not_locked for just not_moments when over pinning on one subject and don t want to flood everyone s follow screen with all of one subject .
Even when it has a problem , it apologizes and immediately fixes itself .
The only problem is how much time I spend using it I get caught up in all the great info and lose track of time : ) ,
Highly recommend it !
I Love Pinterest , it gives me all I need in one App .
I just love Pinterest !
I must say I am a Pinterest addict however the app itself crashes from time to time .
I love how all these creative ideas all come together in one place : ) so far the app never not_crashed on me and not_is very convenient to use :3 ,
I have made many many things from ideas on Pinterest .
There is rarely not_any not_issues browsing the app .
It crashes a lot , but other than that , it s great .
Everyone should have it in their phone .
Since the update major crashes to the point of where the iPad is restarted .
I love Pinterest , but it is constantly crashing my ipad .
It needs to disappear after a few seconds not not_wait not_until I tap it and go see the new pins .
New version crashes badly on iPad .
I like this app and have no not_problems with it .
I love Pinterest but this new update crashes constantly .
Please fix I m having withdrawals !
You can search for almost anything & amp ; I ve had no not_problems with not_crashing ,
App crashes and will not not_load not_pins or profiles .
I love the recipes and have made many of them .
The app not only not_crashes not_but it crashes the entire iPad .
Since I updated it crashes when I m viewing pins .
Please fix this !
Love the Pinterest app but frequently crashes while viewing from my Ipad , and I have to re open .
reKiddin Right ?
When I first started pinning there were a few bugs but I haven t had any issues in months ! !
I obviously can t do every project/recipe I pin but I love using it for inspiration .
Best feature is that you can search your own pins now !
I have never not_had not_any issues with it at all .
Love it but how do I link it with my Facebook page ?
Stupid update just messed everything up .
I have never not_had not_any significant problems since the last update .
I love that to pin all you have to do is touch and drag over an existing pin .
Before it would just shut the app down , now it crashes my iPad completely !
Didnt need any modifications .
It has is many good ideas LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE it ,
I m fine with this new format but the update keeps logging me out and will only work if I refresh it everytime ,
Please fix latest update .
When i click on board it crashes .
The one problem I have though is when I pin it ll pin to the wrong board because the recently pinned to boards don t load fast enough or at all .
Please fix it .
Just downloaded new update now when I open it , it immediately shuts off !
I love PINTEREST , but with the updates lately , it is crashing all the time .
Much improved as it used to crash a lot .
Pintrest is full of fun ideas & amp ; pics but its constantly crashing & amp ; freezing ... kinda frustrating , but I still love Pintrest anyways ,
And about 75 % of the time , my login fails .
I recommend it to everyone !
The only problem I find with the newest upgrade is that my `` recent '' boards don t update quick enough and by the time I ve clicked the board to which I d like to pin , it s already changed to something else and I pin to the wrong board !
This app on my iPadAir is crashing every time I use it !
I m use the app just about everyday when it comes to finding something for dinner .
I am a senior citizen , & amp ; find this interesting , but nowhere can I find how to use this app .
I used to love this app but recently it logs me off and I can t log back in .
No issues and does what I need .
Briskteaisgood , I LOVE Pinterest but I can t log .
Please fix I need to get on .
One app I look forward to updating and don t worry that the changes will actually be worse .
I can t stop repinning !
I use this app to organize parties , plan menus and even put fashion and shopping ideas together .
Awesome recipes , quotes and etc . would not not_change a not_thing ?
Love this app I just wish all of the links worked from the pins .
It easy to use and very fun to have many `` tabs '' open but it crashes every 15 min man .
I have been having some issues with it crashing , when using my iPad .
I also think that you need to be more aware of what people are pinning .
Just fix a few things !
I am enjoying using the app with two exceptions : it needs an update to stop the repeated crashing of the app and my IPad ; and there should be a way within settings to make some content private .
Only wish more sites with articles I d wish to save , could be saved here .
I use Pinterest all the time from finding great recipes to helping me create great lesson plans as a teacher .
Love the app but I NEED more private boards !
Just love it great place to find all sorts of inspirations !
Find great recipes , fun crafts , and everything I really need !
Very helpful when you want to know what your family and friends want as gifts !
I have learned how to make many things and it keeps me entertained for hours .
It would be really nice if you had some sort features so that as your board grows you can more easily find something you previously pinned .
\\nI have had crashes and it is having problems with logging in .
Is that because I am not not_shown as not_much or there are way more pins ?
Every thing would be great if you would make it easer and if you would just fix what needs fixing and leave the rest alone and stop all the stupid updates that don t help .
I love love love the site I can t live without it .
I would give it 5 stars if I could create a login separate from my FB login without not_losing my not_stuff .
Wish I could just check mark photos from my album to add to certain boards instead of individually adding one at a time .
Use every time i need inspiration !
I love Pinterest but the App itself crashes a lot when I go to look at a specific pin .
Also you can t maneuver websites once you follow through with the pin , I suggest opening the web page in Safari .
Only thing you can t really edit and move multiple pins to different boards .
Please fix this ! !
I really love to pin but honestly it is really annoying when it crashes and closes the app !
please fix this ASAP : ( ,
I love this site and never not_had not_problems with it crashing my iPhone and iPad .
It s so easy to use , interesting , and always available .
What happened ?
Easy to navigate and just love Pinterest .
Great app for the small business owner who needs to get their feet wet in selling their wares .
My Pinterest app crashes FREQUENTLY .
It crashed all the time .
Somehow every once In a while when I X out of a picture or a board or something it crashes my ipad , the screen goes black , gives me an apple logo and then I have to log back in and start all over .
Just love it l ! !
Warning : could become addicted to this app .
I love seeing the style , ideas , recipes , and connecting with friends and making new friends just by our common passions .
Thinking she was the issue , I loaded it on mine .
Now it completely crashed anytime I am scrolling through Pinterest it even reboots my iPad .
I ve found things in here I ve thought of but didn t know how to make and someone has posted exactly what I saw in my minds eye .
Never had any problems with it on my iPad or droid .
I love this app especially when I m on the go and need a quick work out or can t sleep !
you NEED this app !
If I want to know how to make something .
Is there anything else out there that can do all the work for you and lump all of your interests together so you don t have to waste time searching the whole wide world web ?
Love Pinterest I love pictures and right here is where I can explore the world .
I can t imagine a better use of the internet than to share good things !
If I could only have one app on my phone , this would be it .
Then , to my delight , the app completely crashes and every time I open it , it comes up with the login page , then , 4 5 seconds later , it goes the actual app , but then nothing loads and I get a login failed notification .
Wish you could actually have the option on buying the clothes & amp ; outfits ,
One of my faves which now crashes more than once a day ... .hugely not not_easy to not_use ... bounces off at every tap .
Please fix the crashes that keep happening .
The app and my iPad crash after just a short time in the app !
I love Pinterest so please please fix it ! ! !
I think I have an addiction problem , maybe ( ? )
Would be great if that could be fixed ,
Cooking , cleaning , crafts , etc . whatever you need , Pinterest has it .
Just love it !
Never crashes and always with goid reviews , great pins , cool people !
Rarely have issues with the app , love the updates and improvements over the last year .
How did I ever get anything done before Pinterest ! ?
Just fun to search and find things of interest and create ideas out of them ,
I have been using this app what seems like forever with NO ISSUES ... ..now I use the app for a short period and the app crashes and shuts my iPad off and back on again .
Please fix the crash issue !
Its so addicting and helpful but it crashes like there is no not_tomorrow !
Since the newest update , this app not only not_crashes not_itself , but it crashes the whole iPad !
Really annoying , please fix this problem ASAP .
Ever since I updated the new system on my iPad this app keeps crashing !
It has so many great ideas that I just love and can always use .
However it has a few bugs that cause it to shut down unexpectedly or randomly stop working .
Does just what it needs to do without not_trying to not_do too much .
All the crashes and freezing and no not_pins not_available and timed out phases happen more times than not .
The ideas are great on this site .
Please fix this !
Awesome app but crashes every now and than .
So after restoring my iPad , deleting and reinstalling the app , and reading some of these reviews , I have come to realize that it is the app that is crashing my ipad and not the not_ipad not_itself .
Normally one of my fave social websites , lately the app crashes continuously .
I love pinterest , but it crashes the ipad randomly .
After the last update it crashes my entire iPad constantly !
I love this , but I only use it on my iPad and the last update has it crashing CONSTANTLY !
It doesn t just crash the app , but my iPad entirely .
I really didn t think anything could crash more than Stumble Upon , but I guess I was wrong .
I recommend it to all my family and friends ! !
My only issue is some of my pins seemed to have disappeared off of my boards and I don t know why .
They keep coming out with updates and with each one there are new bugs making this app very irritating to use .
I highly recommend it .
Just love it !
\\nOpen , crash , open , crash , open , crash .
Unfortunately it crashes a lot lately .
Has everything on here from DIY crafts furniture ideas , hair , make up , how to make your favorite recipes , etc . love it ,
This app has crashed both my iPhone and iPad so much that I have to take it off completely and stop using it to get both these vehicles to work .
Please fix this version .
Just love it !
I recommend it to ALLLLLLLLL of my friends : ) I haven t had a single glitch or problem since I ve downloaded it and the newest update is awesome : ) ,
Pinterest sure knows how to update !
Pinterest is amazing I just love spending time on the site .
I really think they need to correct a few quirks and add some measure of privacy .
I have never not_had an not_app that closes out and crashes my iPad .
It is my life saver when I need something new and inventive .
Only problem is that it crashes constantly .
I love Pinterest , and this iPhone app has made it so easy to pin & amp ; create new boards !
Once you get started , you can t stop !
Why does it keep logging me out and take forever to load ?
its like having the best part of every magazine !
I love Pinterest and I haven t had any problems with this app , it works great .
Please provide support to email or text a pin .
I really don t like the way you have to like or pin things now !
Would definitely recommend it , and if someone was curious about trying it , I would say just do it .
It is so much better to put all my recipes and other ideas in these boards that you get to name .
Plus you save loads of time because you no longer not_need to not_organize all those random papers , which gives you more time to Pin ideas !
I can be on Pinterest for hrs but only one thing would like for it to have private option .
Semi annoying bugs need fixing but overall my go to app !
Of you don t have this app you need to get it ! ! ! ! ! !
I wish there was some way you could rearrange your boards using the iPhone .
I never have a not_problem with it .
Glad it s finally available on iPad .
I wish this had been available 25 years ago ! ! !
This is the first and often the only place I go when I need a recipe or a great idea ! !
Please fix this I LOVE Pinterest but I may have to uninstall it if its not not_corrected .
Trying to figure out how to pin then liking seems very annoying and difficult .
Seems like this should be alot easier .
Never had any problems with this app at all !
constant crashing and freezeups .
Even crashes the entire ipad making you power down and restart .
Please fix problems asap .
I feel like I can t view as much on the app as I can on my computer .
This needs to be fixed !
Just try it !
Other than occasional crashes it functions perfectly !
Use Pinterest daily and really love it , but since the most recent iPad update , it constantly crashes , which is frustrating .
only bad thing is that it crashes a lot and unless you are looking at your followers pins , you can only see the picture .
I love Pinterest but this downloading this update was a mistake ,
App crashes my iPad .
My only problem is I don t have enough TIME for it !
Great app if it wasn t for all the times it s crashed my iPad 3 .
It crashes and then restarts the iPad !
This crappy version actually crashes my iPad every time I use it unacceptable .
s addicting , 5 , Holocker4321 , This app is great ..so many great ideas so little time ,
Always helpful but sometimes it s not not_loading not_fast or the links are not not_working ,
I love that you can pin stuff quickly .
And it s rare wen it crashes so it s worth it .
I m a total Pinterest addict , but I can t use this app anymore because it crashes my entire iPad not just the not_app !
Please fix this app .
Since the last update , the app either crashes and/or causes my iPad to crash , too !
Good basic functionality , can t move pins to different boards ,
However , The iPad app needs some serious updating !
Not only does the app crash all the time , but when it does , it crashes my entire iPad !
Please fix this !
\\nYou will find all sorts of ideas that are fun and easy to so .
Took my ipad to Apple because it was crashing daily , and after going over the issues they gave me a new one .
Well today while using pinterest ( which is mostly what I use it for ) it crashed the same way as the last ipad .
Great site , but app is constantly crashing ,
\\nAlso , this version , it s not not_working not_right .
It crashes when I try to save some picture and I have to turn off the phone to come back to work .
Please fix this !
I have had no not_problems with the not_upgrade .
NEED TO MAKE THAT EASIER ! ! !
But with that said I don t like how it limits how much you can scroll thru it doesn t update very quickly and you must have great wifi connection for it to do that .
I have learned so much and created so many great recipes from this app I love it ,
It s an amazing app , but it s not just not_crashing the not_app ; it crashes my ipad !
PepperBerryHllywd , When you select Browse the Web the keyboard is missing the SPACE BAR .
Must fix this version it crashes constantly .
I have an IPhone 4 and haven t had any problems like others have had .
Crashing my iPad completely , and going through phases where it won t authenticate my login through Facebook on my iPhone 5 .
I so enjoy all the fun ideas you can get by browsing around and best yet I don t have to waste paper by printing things out anymore .
I was so bored on my phone then I got Pinterest and I am on it 24/7 so if you are looking you should get it ?
I love this app but lately I can t use it because every time I open it crashes as soon as I touch the screen .
From how to make knitted gloves , to how to get rid of a fire ant hill , to how to make the perfect cocktail .
Please fix it .
I can t look under other categories without it not_crashing .
I can t spend more than 5 minutes in pinterest otherwise it will crash not only the not_app not_but the ipad as well !
Please fix it !
also , while new shortcut way of pinning is convenient , and I like the `` most recent boards '' feature , I also like having a navigation panel along the side to find boards by alphabet letter .
Anything you need can be found here !
I would love to see all the boards in a list format instead if seeing a block with pic for each .
The past few upgrades have made such improvements !
Everything possible you want to know or get ideas from is in Pinterest .
Just wish I could use it from sites in my browser somehow ,
Did we really need something more addictive than crack ? ! !
It crashes occasionally , but is still great !
The only thing is that it tends to crash sometimes ... other than that it s great ! ! !
\\nI think that it should be made a little easier to get to your home screen and my home screen should have all the people I am following not my not_pins not_because that is kinda weird .
I love looking at all the different ideas on how to do things ! !
Love being able to save all the different things\\nin my boards , just like having lots of scrapbooks .
Just leave it alone ,
Everybody should have Pinterest !
I use the `` Search '' function to look up everything , just like I would use Google .
I love Pinterest but their privacy issues need to be addressed .
It s very addictive , because there are so many wonderful ideas for decor , crafts , DIY , cooking , and more !
It s so easy to use and there are so many great features added continuously .
I just want more !
Generally , updates bring you new good things , right ?
I wish we could have more locked boards but other than that I love it ,
As a mom , I have learned how to make quick and easy meals for ( and with ) my daughter .
I do not not_use it to not_share my info with strangers , just friends , but it was brought to my attention that now marketing people can use pin boards like a survey , ugh !
I instantly have all my thoughts and research with me when I need it .
Never had an issue with the function of it .
I love this app n website very addicting never have not_issues with it not_so far !
I haven t had any problems with it at all !
I haven t had the trouble other users have had with it crashing all the time .
\\n\\nHowever , it consistently crashes or fails to load .
But please fix the bug with last update now every time I open the app , it tells me log in fails and I have to retry .
It would be nice if you could rearrange things on the boards to better organize them .
This is unfortunate , every time I use this app , it crashes and has to restart my ipad .
I love Pinterest but get annoyed when the app crashes after be been on it for a while it glitches and takes me to the top of the page and loses my spot .
Look , just get the app ; ) ,
Why has it started crashing the ipad ?
This app just feeds my addiction to Pinterest .
Taking out the ipad too every time it crashes .
Only addition it needs is a timer ! !
Only problem is that the iPad version crashes excessively .
The latest version crashes on my iPad every time I close a pin , making this app virtually unusable .
Please fix it !
Great app but crashes the app AND shuts the iPad down completely !
I love Pinterest and what s available , but I hate how the app has been crashing my iPad so often .
It crashes the app AND the ipad after doing the new update ... .and WHY does it only load like 50 images when you search ? !
How am I supposed to enjoy your app if I only see 1/100th of the content and then it crashes ? !
Ughhhh please fix this\\n11 1 13 ,
The App does not not_crash or not_repeat pins anymore !
Except for the feature where it crashes and restarts my iPad ! !
Get ideas on how to do pretty much anything .
One problem though , recently Pinterest has been crashing a lot lately , and I mean a lot .
If you could fix this , then I ll give you back 5 ?
The apps seems to still crash a lot !
Anything you want to make , bake or laugh about is here !
If there was a way to put the `` pin it '' option in the browser like there is a way to add it to your tool bar on your pc , that would be great .
I am planning my wedding and this site has given me so many ideas !
Please change this update .
Very annoying when you find a pin you like but need to back out quickly .
Please change it back to how it was ! ! ! ! ! !
I like the look and ease of using this app and recommend it for pinners on the go .
Never had any problems ,
You just have to trust me & amp ; go on for a few minutes & amp ; you ll be hooked for hours .
The app has crashed on the iPad to the point where it won t do anything when I touch the screen .
It would be great if there was a way to easily move pins from one board to another , to be able to organize items .
Also , I wish there was a way to limit the tracking sites that aren t the items that you wanted , just an in between site .
I have had no not_issues with the not_app .
I love this app for when I need ideas ranging from everyday cooking to holiday get togethers as well as crafty things for me and my girls to do !
Also able to pin everything I want need or desire lol .
New update crashes all the time now .
A food board with the subcategories of breakfast , desserts , crockpot recipes , etc . ) \\n select multiple items on a board to move them to another board\\n be able to move around and arrange boards on the iPad and iPhone apps\\n more than 3 private boards\\n\\nAlso , the app crashes on me sometimes randomly ,
There is only one issue that practically RUINS the entire thing .
Not only does it crash Pinterest , but the whole IPad .
Please fix this issue ; it s becoming a common problem .
Please take this under consideration before you download .
Omg every 10 minutes it crash please fix it .
Nothing running on my iPad expect Pinterest and its crash if I m pinning more than a few every half and hour or if I browse the web to pin something it crash .
I really am amazed on how create people really are and how some just have a good eye .
I also love that everything is saved nicely for me to find easily when I need it !
I just wish you were able to search within your own boards and not not_all of not_Pinterest !
The version on my IPad is constantly crashing .
Works on the all of my devices ... I can t say I like the newest version but it brings to me everything I need ! ! !
I ve NEVER had any problems with updates or crashing ,
: I just love this app .
Totally recommend this app !
Who needs cable TV when you can have everything you need on one website ? !
Pinterest supports my entire life .
What did I do before ?
My Pinterest account has been crashing down & amp ; no way not_talk to not_live person .
Please fix ASAP !
New update 2 ,
Amazing for anything you need ideas on ,
They regularly take pains to update it and make it more user friendly which I appreciate as an avid user !
App crashes once per day on iPad ,
From how to do it to hot off the press .
The best place to go when your creativity needs a boost !
I would have given 5 stars , but the app freezes and crashes sometimes while loading .
Please change privacy settings .
This app provides so many different ideas in many areas .
How did I live before Pinterest ?
I like the new part where you just touch the item and you get the choice of pin like or share , that works great .
There are sooo many great ideas .
It will be great once you undo whatever changes you made to it .
Since last update app crashes my iPad every time I use it .
I saved ideas and recipes for an event I was planning , I ve collected visual aids to use with students , and I ve started keeping track of wish list items !
My app and my entire iPad crash since the last update .
I m absolutely obsessed with pinterest and the fact that I can use it on my phone is 100 % perfect !
I love the app , but it crashes a lot .
No need to use the laptop at all !
I really need down time , lots of it when on this .
Need to fix the crashing though and why is there a limit on the likes ?
If u want to know something , it is here !
Just love it !
Great for the iPad but I can t scroll thru my boards to choose where to pin it .
I enjoy the fact that I can create my own boards and some can be private .
Any idea you could ever want is here ! ! !
Wish I could have multiple feeds .
I ve seen a lot of complaints about the new updates I use it on my iPhone 5 and have had no not_problems with it ! ! !
Great app , crashes occasionally but usually have no not_issues with it .
There is still too much adult content available to the general populace .
If people want to be vile and debase , that s fine by me but it should not not_be not_available to children .
Please fix this .
& amp ; as a result I am unable to do ALLLL the `` things '' that many others can do !
Pinterest now crashes multiple times during use and shuts iPad down .
The app needs a lot of work though because it crashes a good bit and doesn t load correctly what is actually being shown and what you have on your pin board page ,
When I have a problem , someone actually writes back to me and lets me know what s going on with it , and actually resolves it .
Search could be improved .
I love being able to use while in the store to get what I need for a recipe .
I highly recommend this to any mom or dad that loves spoiling their family ! ! ! ! !
App crashes repeatedly .
Please remove it .
I love Pinterest but this app is crashing frequently and also crashing my iPad !
It needs to be fixed immediately !
Pinterest is a favorite but on the iPad it constantly crashes and shuts down the iPad .
It had everything I m looking for and if I have any questions I just come here ! !
I just love Pinterest ! ! !
Love Pinterest , but this last update crashes constantly !
It crashed more than twice the last few days in a row .
I usually use my iPad or computer , though , so maybe it s a phone issue .
\\n2 ) you can create private galleries and pins , though I ve not not_tried .
I just loooove this app .
\\nOnly problem is since the latest update , ( 10/13 ) it is difficult to close a pin .
My only problem with it is it crashes all of the sudden at different times .
Whenever I need a recipe or just some inspiration this is where I come !
Lately though a lot of site crashes .
I just love it !
Just love it !
Anything you are looking for is usually here and you can save it for later viewing .
Anything I can think of is right here !
I have never not_been not_so entertained while just taking a short rest from chores .
Crashes as soon as I push a button inside the app lately ... every single time ! !
It s a problem .
Ever since last update it crashes , not just the not_app not_but the whole iPad .
I just love the app .
Love it , hate it crashes all the time though ,
Love this app but crashes all the time , very frustrating ! ! !
I seriously need more stars !
It s helping me plan my wedding , design my bedroom and plan my dinner recipes every night !
Love Pinterest but holding down and dragging your finger to pin takes a bit longer and its a bit more difficult than just holding it down to pin .
Also when I feel I need some organizing in my pin boards I wish I could delete and move a pin without not_having to not_delete the whole board .
I just simply love it !
Please fix ASAP !
Also the site keeps losing my stuff that is extremely frustrating and seems to defeat the whole purpose of the app , \\n\\nPlease , please , please FIX these issues !
Only bad thing is that it crashes more than it should .
But I can t swipe between pins on my iPad and I would love to be able to edit my home wall ! !
I use it to plan my life .
Please fix it .
\\nI do wish there was a way to not not_allow not_certain people to follow you though !
It s like crack : ) I seriously can t stop pinning !
There are So many things to discover fashion , health , DIY etc my interest for Pinterest never not_fails !
I never have not_any not_issues !
I wish you could zoom in on pictures but other then that it works wonderfully !
Love the site but has been crashing my ipad lately .
I love Pinterest but this app now crashes my iPad every time I use it ! ! !
It is the only app that has crashed my iPad ever ! ! !
Pinterest needs more man stuff .
Kbrid , I like the feature that you can search all pins and only your pins .
However , searching only your pins never not_works .
Love all the DIY sites , need fix for IPad , always crashes when on Pinterest .
I love how many great ideas are on here .
I love this app , just recently it has been crashing over and over .
My sister recommended it to me and she was so right !
I just love the outfit ideas .
New update crashes my ipad not just the not_app ,
Never crashed until this recent update .
I loved thus app , but since the update , I fails to launch .
App not only not_crashes not_but causes IPad to also crash .
So easy to look up anything from recipes , to health questions , to how to make a good cow costume .
Only problem is , it s hard to stop pinning fun things ( that may likely never not_get not_done ) .
This is a great app but I hate that it crashes all the time .
There is so many great ideas on every topic you could imaging ! !
It crashes .
Haven t any problems at all .
I wish there were a way to eliminate the dead links on pins .
Also , please please make it so that u can click and move multiple pins from one board to another as well as multi delete pins .
The only problem with Pinterest is that I spend too much time on it .
Sometimes when I need to relax and rest my mind I turn to my Pinterest .
Helped me create , design and even plan my wedding .
there is no way to not_search not_this app and not not_find one not_thing after another that u really like or really love !
I recommend it to all my friends .
\\n\\nImprovements : \\n is there anyway to have a bottom static title bar or side bar somewhat like facebook new app rather than scrolling all the way down to get to title bar .
How do I get you to Stop sending me emails ?
That s my only issue with this app it sends too many emails !
But I think you should get it if you have strong feelings .
I can not not_use it not_more than 5 minutes before it crashes then I have to re sign in every single time .
Please fix these issues .
Whenever I need an idea , pattern , or recipe I go here first !
Please fix & amp ; will adjust rating .
Here lately , every time I try to save a picture from Pinterest it just keeps loading ... it freezes up and I end up deleting the app and reloading it .
Never have any problems with it ,
Please fix this .
I like the new iPad ap but the thing that s missing is finding out who liked or repins your pins .
The only downfall to Pinterest is that you can lose time being on it .
I guess I m just lucky because I have never not_had a not_problem with it .
It does not not_crash on me and it not_works exactly how it s supposed to and every time it s updated it just gets better and better .
It never not_crashes on me as not_others have stated .
After a minute it will log me in but I never not_log not_out so this shouldn t be a problem in the first place .
Please fix it : ) ,
Just download it !
It doesn t seem to freeze as often since I updated it .
I started using this while looking for pirate costume and have added 15 or more different pins .
I updated to 3.0.1 and it has crashed 4 times in a half hour and one of those times it shut down my ipad completely .
In the beginning , it crashed , but now the bugs have been worked out and it no longer not_crashes .
It saves me a ton of money , by allowing me to see how outfits can be put together with pieces I already have or by adding one or two things instead of needing a whole new look !
Whenever I m in a jam , Pinterest is there to provide inspiration .
I love that you can swipe the windows side to side without not_closing ,
Love Pinterest but it crashes the WHOLE IPAD repeatedly .
Haven t had any issues thus far .
The last few updates have made this app not not_fun to not_use .
It crashes while making page transitions and is very annoying .
Please bring that back .
Constantly crashes ever since the update .
I never have not_any not_issues with it and it just keeps getting better .
Absolutely positively recommended to anyone searching for any types of ideas or inspirations !
It s a great app , but crashes a lot .
It s fabalous please don t ever get rid of it it s my life and my house looks fabalous cuz it : ) ,
Please fix these two ; \\n1 .
The three latest boards feature takes a moment to update , thus causing me to pick the wrong board constantly because it changes just as I click it .
This apps provides so many inspirations and ideas from fashion to gardening .
Absolutely love Pinterest , one of the best apps my go to when I need diys , natural remedies ... .etc .
I can find anything on here , but it has been completely crashing lately !
Haven t had a single issue since it s come out , great job ! ! !
The ideas are endless ! !
The latest update has been crashing when clicking through to open the image link .
iPhone 5 version , for me , still works great , but I d rather not not_remove it not_from my iPad , for obvious reasons , so please fix soon !
I have crashed 4x in the past 15 minutes !
Pinterest you need to fix this issue immediately !
Although I do not have the not_crashing not_issue as the others .
Everything & amp ; more than I could ever think of is here !
Highly recommend downloading it .
I ve made so many home made gifts because of it !
I love the new easier pinning and the reminder that you already pinned it ! ! !
Pinterest literally had everything you need from crafts to DIY projects to quotes ! ! !
Please fix Pinterest !
I ve already done so many of the DIY projects & amp ; when ever I need to smile I just check out the animals .
It s also crashing my iPad !
Please fix ASAP .
I haven t had any issues yet with the new update , hoping I don t. Great app for inspiration and recipes too !
Love the app and Pinterest , but it still crashes a lot .
Love it when it does not not_crash .
It loads really well and the new way of repinning is super easy .
As an improvement it would be nice to have a way that all pins sources were checked out in order to be posted .
Dragonlady82 , It s great but it crashes and freezes my iPad all the time until that s fixed it ll keep annoying me ,
I use to love this app but now it crashes constantly not only not_is the not_app crashing but it is crashing my iPad .
I can t even pin things I like because it will crash before I can ,
I love Pinterest and with the exception of it failing to log in sometimes , this is a PHENOMINAL app ! ! !
Awesome site I just love it !
Pinterest is a really entertaining app , although when it crashes it CRASHES .
I wish there was a way to go back to the same place if you ha e to leave while scrolling .
Would be nice to be able to switch to landscape view though .
This ha given me many ideas for home projects and also shows me how to reuse what i already have !
Great tool when I need to check what was in that recipe I pinned while in at the grocery store .
I have made many things from the pins I have and rely on it to help me with dinner ideas and cool crafts for the holidays .
I think I need a Pintervention .
I love this app if I would say anything is I wish the feed one go on and not not_stop not_like the did in the beginning you could pin for days .
Now it is limited you have to refresh .
App crashes continuously AND crashes my whole ipad .
Had some problems with the app on my iPad for awhile but recent updates seem to have fixed the issue .
You have to try twice when leaving a note , it kicks you out then you have to go back in to note .
The site always crashes on me .
Two cons : it doesn t turn to the side when I turn it landscape and you have to copy a pin to a different folder then delete it from the current folder .
I ve never not_had not_problems with it crashing .
I just love Pinterest !
The only problem is that it s addicting ; P ,
The app crashes constantly on my IPad .
I deleted the app and reinstalled it , and now I can t even log in .
Pinterest fail .
Until a friend explained it to me , I didn t know what I was missing ! ! !
If I need inspiration , instructions or any info , I search here first .
Love it , would have given it 5 stars if I didn t have to update so many times !
Please fix my app !
I can t even log in ! ? ! ?
How did I live before Pinterest ? ?
I love Pinterest but I would love even more if I could have more private boards .
I can t get enough of this app millions of ideas and I will try them all !
I haven t had many problems with it and I have found some great activities to do with my kids and some beautiful things to make for my home .
Very helpful so you don t need to go to the web and log in .
Sometimes `` no not_pins not_available '' or `` time out requested '' flashes on the screen and I have no not_idea not_what that means !
I have accidentally added pins to the wrong boards and it s a complicated to try and edit them ,
How did life ever exist with out It ?
The images take awhile to load , screens are constantly freezing and it crashes a lot .
This is a fun app if you need ideas for projects , clothes , games , food , anything that you can do in your spare time .
After I updated the app on my iPad , it crashes constantly not only the not_app not_but the iPad itself .
By the way I would like to see the time and battery life at the top of the app again .
It crashes often and I get maybe a fourth of the pins that are sent to me .
Please update app .
The app crashes but also makes my ipad crash and restart .
Thank you to whoever made Pinterest , an the app is handy going grocery shopping for all the wonderful good recipes ! ! !
I m having pinning withdrawals and I can t even log in ! !
Love it so much fun learning how to do things .
If I need to find out how to make something I Pinterest it instead of googling .
It crashes n quits out a lot .
It crashes a lot and keeps going back to the last pin I viewed .
This app crashes every time I use it .
Just crashes too much , especially when I have something really neat I want to save .
I have a new Ipad4 that s fully updated and the app will crash the IPad after being having Pinterest open for a bit .
The time it takes seems to vary from 15 minutes to an hour , I think having more pages open causes it to crash faster but I m not not_sure .
How is this happening ? ! ?
Please set the albums up on alphabetical order , it is so difficult to find the album we are looking for .
I can t search for other users though , only through Facebook , which I don t use , for the above mentioned reason .
I just LOOOOOOVE Pinterest soo much ! ! !
I get all my ideas off here..if dinner needs to be made , Pinterest it is !
Please bring back the search icons and remove the pictures .
Please bring back the old Pinterest look !
I m not a not_very not_creative person , but thanks to Pinterest , I planned an amazing baby shower for my sister , I had a awesome Halloween party and of course I m still planning my wedding and it s all thanks to Pinterest ! !
Hate crashes .
Why am I consistently greeted with a `` login failed '' message since the update ?
I would not not_use not_this app until it gets fixed it is very frustrating and not not_user not_friendly .
Please fix this .
* update still an awesome app but it says login failed quite often now , kinda annoying .
Though one thing I would like to see change is the ability to make pictures bigger .
I have noticed that in this newest version you can no longer not_see your not_iPad status bar at the top .
For me this means that I have no not_idea not_what time it is , which does not not_work not_well when my iPad is how I am able to tell the time on my break .
Don t have to browse thru articles that don t interest me ... just gets me to what I need !
Wish I could have more private boards !
But because of how sluggish the interface is now , this latest update makes it impossibly easy to pin to the wrong board , then impossible to edit where you posted it when using your iPhone .
Please repair this feature .
How did we function before Pinterest ?
I highly recommend this app but warn that you will likely never not_be the not_same .
I would recommend this to everyone for inspiration to just finding new things ,
I am happy that this app lets me create diff folders of my interests .
\\n\\nThey need to add the ability for users to flag a photo and control who sees it by the flags .
The Pinterest app hasn t failed me once as a novice pinner .
I use it daily and never have a not_issue with it not_not opening or closing down while in it !
It repeatedly crashes every time I go onto the app but other than that I love Pinterest ! !
When I need an idea or a way to get my idea across , I open Pintrest !
There are so many ideas , images , links , and how to s that I am a little obsessed .
Now it crashes on launch .
Pinterest is filled with so many awesome things and ideas such as recipes , home designs , hair styles , cute animals , the list is endless ! !
So fun ~ you can pretty much find whatever your looking for and get great ideas ,
I like the app but it crashes a lot ,
It has everything you would like to know and see and how to ! !
If you don t have it , do yourself a favor just get it .
There are however , quite a few performance problems with this app that are frustrating !
I just wish you where able to have more secret boards then you can right now .
Obsessed with Pinterest , need to make adding friends from Facebook more like Instagram , I don t like scrolling through everyone to see who I want to follow ,
Sometimes it crashes but I suppose it s due to large amounts of traffic .
The app is also a resource hog and crashes often .
Whenever it seems to crash there s usually an update fast that fixes it in no not_time not_yay !
I feel like there are so many bugs since the latest update .
How do I even know if the feed was updated or if these are the same pins I looked at earlier ? ?
Why is it that updates always break apps instead of improve them ?
took me awhile to learn how to use it but after I got the hang of it , it s awesome !
Wish it was available for my Asus Tablet app .
I like the app but gave a low rating because latest version kicks me out and crashes iPad .
Please fix it .
I love Pinterest but ever since the last update it crashes EVERY TIME I try to use it !
I sure hope those crashes get fixed as well , plus the inviting option would be more useful if we could grab a list rather then selecting one name at a time , for both Twitter and Facebook .
This app was easy to use very easy to navigate however is missing one very important feature , the ability to add an image to your board .
Why doesn t it work when your on the phone I called someone to explain a pin and I needed to look at it so I had to hang up and look for it then call back like it opens just doesn t load ANY PINS ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Idk if that s just my phone but it s annoying and it doesn t do that on any other apps just fix that and you ll get 5 stars ,
Please fix new update !
Please I need my Pinterest fix !
I love that you can FINALLY see if you have pined something already ! !
I have banners ( notifications ) set to show whether my screen is open or locked , but they never have not_worked .
Not only does it allow you to love others ideas , it shares the source where to get it or how to make .
Sometimes crashes , but good most of the time .
It s trash , please fix .
please fix the repetitive iPad crashing : ( \\n\\np.s . I love Pinterest ,
L s Momma , Please fix the bugs .
Sometimes it takes forever to sign in and then when I do , it crashes .
Hotdogfingers , Please see above , thanks .
Since last updating ipad only the Pinterest app continually crashes , reboots ipad and periodically freezes screen .
Just wish I could figure out how to search for people I know ?
I need my pintrest time !
Just get it .
Once you get started , you can t stop pinning ! ! ! !
You must get this ! ! !
Tinaben18 , Just love it , very interesting and useful on a daily basis !
I recommend it for anyone and everyone !
The new version is crashing my iPad too .
I d definitely have more time to do other stuff but then my life would be so boring ; ) I just live it .
Use it a lot but does occasionally crash !
I highly recommend this app !
It sometimes crashes , but overall it is awesome ! !
What helped me was adding adding a shortcut to clip things out of safari .
I ve had minimal incidents of it crashing .
I love that you can just swipe the pin down to go back to the list .
Would be 5 stars if I could have more secret boards and a Pin It button from the Chrome browser on my iPad .
Can t use it often because every time I m on I stay for hours !
I love pinterest , but I have issues getting the images at times .
And don t have any problems with it .
Definitely recommend it !
I love Pinterest , but the latest iteration crashes my iPad several times per session .
Definitely recommend getting it if your unsure ,
Never crashes and it s awesome .
However , it crashes a lot when I m on my IPad ... .it will say `` no not_pins not_available '' .
But please fix the bugs .
Although the app has few minor technical problems here and there , it runs effectively most of the time .
The app does provide convenience on the phone so that I can do one of my favorite things on the go now !
Sometimes when I m adding items on the phone the boards jump so I add items to the wrong board so I have to make corrections via my computer .
It crashes often and ends up being more of a hassle than necessary .
I can use it to be productive or to pass the time .
I d recommend this o anyone .
I do love this app but since the update it s always crashing and shutting down my iPad , it s getting really annoying !
How do I delete a pin ?
Also , I think they need to evaluate/filter some pins .
I planned my wedding , a bridal shower , a house , and many successful meals by using Pinterest .
Have y all never not_heard of not_if it ain t broke , don t fix it ?
Please fix that ! ! !
If you ve ever looked at a project and thought , `` Whoa , this could use way moooooore glitter , paisley fabric , and wood paneling . ''
I absolutely Love Pinterest , but I m becoming exhausted with it just kicking me off every other minute .
Please please fix !
I don t think it really needed an upgrade .
Hasn t crashed on me too much .
The latest update crashes often and will somehow restart my iPad .
The app crashes a lot though .
Great to find just about anything you need ! !
Love the app ... just wish there was a way to reorganize pins once they are pinned .
I recommend Pinterest to ALL my friends !
What did I do w my spare time before Pinterest ?
I am also having a problem with Pinterest crashing my iPad .
Love Pinterest but please fix this issue .
Now it crashes every time I use it .
Please fix ASAP .
Amazing app for when you need ideas for ANYTHING .
It has crashed on me a few times but other than that I love how easy it is to navigate and pin .
Something you could work on Pinterest .
The only problem is that I only have a certain number of secret boards and I wish I could have more .
This is the best app everything I need and don t know it is there !
I m new to Pinterest , and I just love it .
I m on the iPhone and when I enter the app I say on for a good 30 secs then it crashes .
Please fix it .
Has made my life simpler on something s ! !
It helped me plan my wedding .
Maybe it exists and I just haven t added it yet .
It has a great variety of topics and I really enjoy that you are able to filter out what you don t want to see via the categories !
Ever see a picture or recipe and thought man , I need to save that .
It never not_fails me .
I know I do , I recommend it all the time to anyone that is living under a rock .
Just crashes all the time , please fix it !
It has been crashing too much lately and it is bothersome .
When I need to get dressed up for a night out I just scan thru `` women s fashion '' and again , hundreds of cute outfits pop up .
Never had an issue with it .
Love Pinterest , but what is with it just closing out and constantly needing to `` retry '' to log in ; get error log in failed .
Love the Pinterest App , I use it on my IPhone and have no not_issues with it .
I think they need to make a check off option on each pin so as you make them/get them or whatever you can have it checked off !
I love Pinterest , but I consistently have issues with it failing to log in properly multiple times in a row .
I ve been using this app to help plan my wedding , to plan future kid s rooms , to learn new recipes , to get ideas of how to decorate my house .
I love pinterest but I wish the app didn t have so many bugs !
I just love this app !
They need to go back several updates and also kick off all of the advertisers .
They need to fix what s broken , then leave it alone .
Please fix the app !
Please fix ASAP !
How did we get along without not_this not_?
Hope you have hours of nothing to do .
I haven t had any problems and have no not_complaints !
I dislike when people post pictures that don t go to viable links .
Best app you could download !
I wouldnt know how I would plan a wedding without not_pinterest ! !
Everyone needs it ,
I like that you can now hold it down to like or pin the objects .
I am telling you once you start on this app you can t stop .
I haven t had any problems with any version , nor the update .
The apps have some issues but I love it regardless ! ! !
Be careful though , you might become addicted to it too .
I have never not_had not_any problems with this app !
I have had no not_problems with not_update .
I love Pinterest but I think there should be more secret boards instead of just 3 .
I have sometimes had problems with crashing so I gave it four stars but other than that I love the new look !
It would be nice to switch pins around from one board to another ,
No matter what you re looking for or looking to do , all things related can be found on Pinterest .
Why can t I just enjoy an app with out the app bugging the crap out of me to rate it ! !
\\nAmazing app just love it .
Just fix the bugs for iPhone PLEASE !
I love Pinterest , but I m only compelled to give it three stars because after the recent Pinterest app update it frequently crashes on me when using it and trying to pin items .
This only needs one thing and it s to be able to move pins easily from board to board to relocate them .
Everything n anything I need Pinterest to the rescue !
Once you go Pinterest you won t need to look any further !
There are issues with the updated X feature to close a pin , I push multiple times to get to work , frustrating .
Seriously , why won t the `` No Thanks , I don t care to contribute a review when you nag me about it '' option stick ?
I d like to have that back .
I pin all of my recipes for my family , then I just use the app as a cookbook ! ! ! ! !
The app updates have fixed most issues I ever had with it : ) ,
The best feature is that you can create many boards as you need to organize and some of them can be private .
Please bring this back .
Love it and so happy that people share their ideas & amp ; how to s. It feels like a collaboration of love between virtual friends .
Just love it .
I highly suggest folks to download today !
Type in or search a topic and the ideas are endless ! ! !
A lot of ppl complain about it crashing but that was never a not_problem for me not_until I updated my iPhone .
It crashed for the first time IMMEDIATELY after the update , so ... idk ,
s Fan , Ideas and creativity are endless !
Very addicting but the new version you can t erase posts ,
\\n\\nI love Pinterest but it s crashing constantly ! ! !
Please fix this as soon as possible please !
app could be improved .
I still am trying to figure out how to switch pins that I add to the wrong board .
I am using Pinterest even more now and I don t know if that s a good thing cause I m on it so much : ) ,
Love this app but ever since the new update all it has done is crash .
There are so many different categories and it provides lots of inspiration ( : ,
This was a great app but needs a bug update .
Crashes repeatedly and crashes my iPad too and it reboots itself .
Like others , I love love love this app , but it crashes a lot and reloads same results on `` popular '' tab all the time .
Wish I could have a full screen size option for my pins so it would be easier to see ,
I haven t noticed any crashing since the update don t know why other people say so ,
I was introduced to Pinterest by my mom and I love it cause it has so many cool things that you can either look up in the search bar or you can go to your home page and just look at the stuff you like and the way that works is you have to follow people who pin the things that interest you if you don t have this app on your phone get it trust me it s worth it ! ! ! ! ?
Haven t had any issues .
They update it frequently .
I like that now you can send pins to people and search your own pins .
My few complaints are that you can t rearrange your boards in the mobile version and it crashes mid search which can be irritating .
We also need better privacy options .
The only problem is I am addicted ... but I can live with that .
So my fried Maddie recommended this right ?
I love it I can show off my true self and just get inspired with quotes and one direction pictures and movies and songs and all this stuff it s truly awesome I recommend to anyone ... and guys it s not just for not_girls you not_go get your Pinterest on !
The best app ever , I just love it , and I don t know why I didn t join this app since day 1 .
I found my new haircut and planned my wedding decor with Pinterest .
I don t know how we ever made it before Pinterest .
Since the latest updates my iPad routinely crashes when I am on Pinterest .
They just did an upgrade that I m not not_crazy not_about ( rearranged icons ) .
Also , every time there s an update , you re not not_notified not_while using the app , it just freezes , and you have to update ( if you re lucky ) or completely restart your phone .
Now I just need to find the time to decorate our house , make money off the crafts I ve learned and play the games with all the grandkids I ve learned !
I just love Pinterest !
This was not a not_problem not_before my last update of Pinterest .
And it s not an not_issue with my not_phone ( I made sure ) .
MaryAnn McGrath , I love it but it freezes and crashes on multiple devices .
Pinterest is awesome for planning and finding anything you need !
How does it help you plan organize events ?
s Rae , Absolutely love this app , never not_had a not_problem and it continues to entertain me .
What is the point of the app if I can t new ions from the Internet that I want to save ?
Please fix it !
There are so many different ideas and just lots of wonderful stuff !
Pinterest still needs to work on little problems with the tools offered to you to arrange and classify your boards .
Plus sometimes the app has some problems that keeps closing without not_reason !
Helps me find any ideas I need even before I know I need them .
Love being able to get ideas of how to redecorate , recipes , cleaning secrets , DIY , just anything .
Just don t like emails of reports in addition to telling me though the app .
I love Pinterest , but this last update needs to be fixed .
It crashes and restarts my iPad .
Thanks for giving me a place to learn , meet others in a safe environment , and just enjoy the beautiful items that I get to see whenever I want .
You are missing out o some of the best thoughts , ideas , and creations in the world !
It freezes all the time and you can t search .
Worked out the kinks and haven t had a problem since ,
They should be removed !
It has never not_crashed my not_iPad even with the new update ! ! ! !
Anything & amp ; Everything you want to learn how to do or make or just tricks you never not_thought of .
The App performance is never an not_issue .
This needs to be fixed ASAP .
So addicting and great for everything you could ever want or need to know !
Just please fix the constant crashes ,
Sure it has it s technical issues from time to time but it s my favorite app and I m on it everyday !
I can not not_express not_how thankful I am for this outlet and what you have created for us .
it works well I do wish there was an wasier way to reorganize the pins on the boards ,
The latest update is crashing my iPad like crazy though .
Many times when I exit out of a board , it crashes .
Never had any issues running all updates installed flawlessly !
Just love this app ! ! !
Marshall A. , I just love Pinterest and love it more being able to use on both my iPad and iPhone ,
also , there appears to be a sensitivity issue ; i go to unlike one pin , and it unlikes another completely different one across the screen .
Needs to crash less not_& not_amp ; load faster .
Since the last update , this app crashes my whole iPad , consistently !
Now , it crashes constantly and I am informed that so and so is using Pinterest for such and such reason before I am finally directed to my homepage .
I would love to rate pinterest 5 stars but it constantly crashes the app and often crashes my ipad .
Otherwise , when I can use it , it s wonderful !
And if you don t know how to splice bread , this is the app for you .
It won t let me log in on my phone ( it blames Facebook permissions ) but will log in on my iPad .
However , the app crashed my whole iPad twice today .
Love Pinterest but the new update has some bugs .
Is someone going to fix it ?
Ever since the update , I can t open it .
It immediately crashes !
Was a wonderful app , then they updated it about 2 weeks ago .
Now it constantly crashes .
And the friends I have made from it !
If I need an idea Pinterest .
If I need to figure out how to do something Pinterest .
Ever since I updated it yesterday on my iPad I can t get on , it keeps crashing .
, 5 , Mtc17111 , Love the new features with the latest update & amp ; it seems to have fixed most of the bugs and crashes !
Please fix it soon !
Pinterest is the one stop app for anything you need .
And when you just need a laugh ,
Please fix this !
Never crashes and is great .
I haven t and I m not not_sure not_if that s the problem or what .
Highly recommend it .
Iv learned how to cook , created awesome crafts , know all the fashion trends , inspires my paintings , and laughed so hard I had to change my pants !
It s great for mothers who need ideas for the children or all sorts of other ages .
Just like the website .
Love Pinterest , but this month , October , 2013 Pinterest is crashing ALL THE TIME , crashing my ipad too .
And it s now crashing a lot .
Please fix this ASAP !
Although it always fails to login every time I open it on my phone .
It so entertains me when all else fails .
I needed ideas for Halloween and found it on Pinterest ,
The site crashes on iPad frequently .
Only problem is I am addicted and spend too much time on it !
App crashes all the time since the update !
The app crashes please fix it thank you ,
Since the recent updates , App keeps either crashing itself , or crashes my ipad !
JohnandJess726 , Worked for two days then it began to not not_work on my not_iPhone .
Please fix new version : / ,
Constantly crashes my iPad very frustrating ,
Please fix ASAP !
Since the update , site crashes constantly !
Please make boards and followers and following alphabetical !
I love Pinterest but this last update is crashing way too often and not only the not_app not_but my iPad also !
sDelight , Ever since the last update , Pinterest randomly crashes not only the not_app , not_but my ipad !
I am constantly getting kicked out of Pinterest and then not not_able to not_log back in using any method available !
It s not not_working not_right .
I love Pinterest , but since last update , it continually crashes & amp ; even shuts down iPad .
I can t even open Pinterest with the new update .
This app crashes nonstop on iPad .
Everytime i find something interesting , it crashes .
Since the update , opening this app crashes my entire iPad .
App consistently crashes when I try to pin something .
Please fix the update !
Everyone needs to get it ! ! !
Pinterest is always looking to make it even better .
I love this app & amp ; website however for weeks now the app has been crashing & amp ; completely restarting my app .
Please , please , please fix this ! ! !
The most recent update , though , seems to have a bug that makes it crash .
If I m on it more then 5 10 mins it crashes .
What happened to the ability to save pins to your camera roll ? ?
Please bring that back !
But it crashes a lot ! ! !
The only thing I dont like about it is that u need wifi to go on it .
I absolutely love Pinterest ... .but needs help since the 10 21 13 update .
It crashes on my ipad all the time to the point where I just give up .
App Happy User , Since the new update you can t share on twitter with iPhone 5S .
Now it crashes immediately on opening every time .
Fix this , please ! !
People you need THIS ITS JUST WOW IM ADDICTED ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Ummm the app needs to be fixed like yesterday .
Works fine on the computer , the app needs work .
LishyLou1124 , I can not not_find not_how to Pin images/content from a copied address on a website and Attach it to a board .
But since the update , it crashes , logs me out everytime I close the app , my friends aren t getting the pins I send to them and I am not not_receiving not_theirs , I get the `` sorry there was a problem on our end '' message wayyyy more than ever !
I do like seeing other pincers who have pinned same pin , and suggested boards .
What happened to the `` pin clipboard '' ?
The new update needs to be fixed .
I open the app , it crashes .
I open the app , it crashes .
Crashes and when people send over pins , it becomes blank and then crashes .
Please fix the updated version because Pinterest is an awesome app but this had made me not not_want to not_use it .
I use this app to keep my lesson plans for my fitness classes and when I can t log in , it s very frustrating !
Please fix your update .
And then says it s having problems logging in .
Pinterest is crashing .
App Crashes randomly , it also crashes my iPad .
Why try to fix something that s not not_broken not_?
All y all had to do was fix the bugs and problems that users were having , but I guess it can t be that simple for y all .
This app has been crashing way too often .
I m at the point where it won t even stay up half a second before it crashes .
Ansleighsoccer02 , I love Pinterest but it won t even let me open the app I need for something REALLY important please fix problem apple ,
After update , app crashes .
Why is it that I never not_know not_if it Will authorize my login ? ?
Yet another vendor ignoring 1st edition iPads with updates , why did I spent $ 850 on it ?
Never again , the idea these are throw away devices is crap , Apple abandon it too fast , especially after having to deal with that Wifi problem for over a year .
Also I wish there was a way to select multiple pins and move them to another board .
Things weren t broke before they don t need to be fixed !
Please fix this ! ! !
But every time I open it up it tells me the login attempt has failed\\n\\nI have to login by pressing `` yes '' to let me continue .
New update can t sign in now keeps crashing ! ! ! ! !
Only problem is I ll pin to one board , and I know for a fact I pressed that one , and it will go to another one .
\\n\\nFind it annoying that once you have selected a pin to go back , you have to press either the back button or slide down on an angle to get back .
All you had to do with The older version was swipe back much easier and less of a not_headache ,
Can we get the top bar with the clock back ?
\\n\\nUpdate says you can swipe between pins , but it still just closes the pin and often the whole board .
After the last update on 10/21/13 , the app crashes about every 15 20 minutes on my iPad iOS 7 .
Every 5 10 minutes it s crashing .
It crashes constantly and quits loading randomly .
Since the last update , not only not_is the not_app crashing , it s crashing the whole ipad .
please fix no not_other not_app has ever caused this !
I wish I could add the pin it button to my phone s browser , but I don t know if that s even possible .
Great app concept , but constantly crashes ! !
This should be fixed .
It needs work , I hate having to log in every time I try to get on and it takes forever to load ,
Please fix the app so you can save pictures of pins to camera roll ! ! ! !
New update causes it to crash immediately after opening .
This has been my favorite app since getting it in my iphone but the last update has created issues with my phone where it crashes constantly .
This was my favorite app , but since the last update after I pin something and hit the x button to go back , it crashes !
The app is crashing all the time and its making my iPad restart might have to delete until it gets fixed ... ... super annoying .
it crashes alot .
This app constantly freezes and requires shutting down .
Love this app , but constantly crashes on iPad !
Only one suggestion , we should have sub boards .
Like it signed me out once I updated it , and when I try and log back in it just says `` authenticating '' and it never not_does not_anything after that ?
Please fix it , I need my Pinterest fix !
Also you get stuck and have to close the app .
Have loved Pinterest but since the latest update , not only not_are not_there recurring issues with the app crashing , but it also causes the IPad to crash .
This needs to be fixed or I will be removing the app ... .update removing this app ... not only not_is it not_crashing but the last time , it froze the ipad for 5 minutes and I was locked out of everything , including shutting down .
Please fix the bug .
likestarr , After updating this morning , ( 23Oct ) I can t open the app at all ( I only use my iPhone ) .
How can I move boards on an I pad ?
Since updating this app , it continually logs me out , and says `` no not_pins not_available '' for each section , including my own pin boards .
Please remedy whatever glitch keeps kicking me out and losing access to pins .
Please address this !
Please fix this !
So imagine my surprise when I am not not_able to not_log in to my favorite app with the newest update .
It s slow and it crashes fairly often .
A.I . Alexx , I can t log in at all !
Please fix this app ASAP !
Ever since the last 2 updates it is either constantly crashing both the app and my iPad or it freezes and I have to shut my iPad off .
Please fix these problems so we can once again enjoy Pinterest !
Please fix these bugs .
I can t pin anything , without it not_going to the not_wrong board .
I can t pin in peace like I used to ,
What happened ?
Every time I try to X out of a pin it crashes not only the not_app , not_but my entire iPad restarts .
This app crashes constantly requiring a new search and scroll , scroll , scroll .
Its crashing all the time lately and my iPad too .
Please update this .
Please create an update that stop it from turning off my iPad every time I change from horizontal to vertical , vice versa .
I haven t had a problem yet .
Please fix it !
Please fix the app .
I think you guys should create a multiple choice so that you can post more than 1 at a time .
Mochalt , Can t log into the app since latest update .
I ve had the app on my IPad for a couple of weeks it worked great until I just updated it with the latest version now it s constantly crashing or saying there aren t any pins available ! !
This update # 2 that has come out that still crashes and restarts my iPad .
Since the update it s crashing all the time and shutting down my iPad .
I think we need another bug fix .
Again this app had crashed and rebooted my ipad .
App crashes over and over again .
With the newest update it is still crashing !
Please fix this ! !
Please fix your update ! ! !
Love the content but hate that it crashes all the time .
What did you guys do to the Pinterest app ? ! ?
While this app remains the best for Pinterest , the new design interfaces have a problem with clashing against each other .
\\n\\nIt s still new though and needs lots of fixing for better use .
I just love it .
Some of the new features I wish we re available on the full website .
I deleted the app ( and reclaimed my 7GB s ) and just use my computer for pinning now .
I have to log back in everytime i use it , even if i just open up a text .
You can t see the time or battery percentage on the iPad while the app is open after the new update ,
I hope they fix whatever the problem is .
Please fix this bug , Pinterest app developers .
It crashes all the time , and the new ( 10/21/13 ) update didn t help at all .
You have to scroll through all of your boards to find the right one to pin to .
Never thought Pinterest of all social networks people could stalk and be bullies but it has become that way since most other social networks you can block people , so now they just come looking for you on Pinterest and continue their harassment .
Love Pinterest but since the recent update , I am having problems pinning from websites .
\\n\\nThe latest update randomly crashes and also randomly logs me out and forces me to sign in again .
I ve NEVER had problems with the Pinterest app before now .
I go on Pinterest every night on my phone before I go to bed and I loved that when I opened a pin I could just swipe right to get back to the page I was on but now it just takes me to a different pin .
Another thing that bothers me is that my top 5 looked at pages used to be on the top of the list but now it just has the last 5 I looked at so the same bored is on there multiple times which has no not_purpose .
Only thing it needs is a clock so I know how late I am after spending so much time on it .
I have enjoyed it for a long time ... my only suggestion would be that it would be nice if there was a way to hide the secret boards , so that they only show up listed with your other boards , if you want them to .
I try to state in my comments if I have tried a recipe or followed a tip , but a `` did it '' button would also been interesting .
Great app but you need to have patience .
I just get colored boxes .
I just updated the app , and it crashes like crazy .
Since the new update the app has been nothing but slow and really none work please do fix ASAP ,
App crashes a lot .
Please fix this .
You need to fix your app .
I just wish the app wouldn t crash all the time : ( ,
Mom2snk , Update from October 17 requires me to login but logging in via FaceBook doesn t work .
Ever since the last update , it s CONSTANTLY CRASHING .
It s really annoying because once it crashes , I loose wherever I m at and it s so hard to find whatever you were on .
It has crashed and restarted my ipad 3 times in 20 minutes !
Only downfall is it crashes frequently in the websites and when I go back I have lost what I was looking at .
U think about what we want and that s great ?
I just downloaded for ipad and find that it crashes every time I try to close a page within the program .
Like other commenters , the latest October update now makes this app crash consistently , even after uninstalling and reinstalling .
Please fix this ! ! ! ! !
I wish we could have up to maybe 5 instead of 3 ,
Now I can t log back in .
I love pinterest and despise how often it crashes .
It has crashed multiple times , logged me off and wouldn t let me back on , would not not_post not_pics , and in general is just very slow when you do get it to work .
I hope your team is working overtime to fix these minor bugs .
Since the last update the app crashes quite frequently .
Please fix the bugs .
Inferno1134 , Well , I love this site it is addicting , but for the other part I m glad but still getting kicked off , not as not_much not_though , just a any moment it feels like it .
I love adding and getting ideas from your site so I would love to have it around for a long time .
Also ... .please put back the option to `` save to camera roll '' .
You were able to swipe down and get the option to save to camera roll ... why was this option removed ?
It crashes on me once a week at least , freezes consistently , and takes SO LONG to load pins .
It crashes all the time , logs me out and then won t log me back in , and is constantly telling me there s no not_pins .
Plus , for some reason with the new update , I can t see the time on my iPad while browsing , when the app is working .
When I made my account I used my twitter now I have a new iPod and it will NOT let me login .
I love Pinterest but the app just does not not_work .
App crashes every time I click thru to a pin .
This was with the new upgrade I just downloaded .
I love the new update , but how do you delete pins ?
I just deleted it .
Please fix this .
Please bring back the older design again .
This app has crashed and caused my iPad 4 to reset .
After clicking on a link the exit button does not not_work .
It must be fixed and soon .
Getting used to my iPad and I ve always loved Pinterest , but after the last upgrade Pinterest just randomly crashes .
After last update ... .it crashes every time I open something !
New update needs serious bug fixing ! ! !
The app constantly crashes or won t pull up pins and says a problem went wrong on their end .
JFJ2000 , Does not not_work on not_iPod touch .
Classycoley , I love getting ideas from this website but for the last week it has been crashing , especially doing a simple search !
Please fix it !
Every time there is a new feature , there are even more bugs .
It would be nice to use one of my favorite apps/websites without not_all not_these issues .
I got the update and it logged me out and I forgot my password ( I know I should ve wrote it down , but i didn t ) and I tried the whole `` click on forgot password ? ``
And I tried to reset it but it took me to a page that said `` page 404 error , go back ? ''
Please please help ! ! !
I don t care who , just please help !
Please fix it !
After installing the latest update , iPad completely crashes ! !
Please fix ASAP .
After today s update the app crashes !
Please consider this .
I also tried to fix it per your recommendations under app support to no not_avail not_( instructions are out of date , btw ) .
I can not not_use it not_because it freezes and causes my iPad to crash .
I need the clock and battery indicator .
No complaints at all I love it 100 % and do you have any tips on how to get more followers ?
I don t know if the functionality has been removed or just not not_working for me , not_but it doesn t tell me anymore if I have already pinned something .
: ( I love Pinterest and use it every day but I can t use it til it is fixed , so please fix soon ,
I use this app all the time but since the last update it will randomly crash and reset the iPad completely not just the not_individual not_program !
So many good ideas but hate when the app crashes !
I absolutely love Pinterest but it crashes all the time .
I have tried closing it several times but it opens up on the same frozen page .
It was great things in it too !
You can t read people s comments anymore , reading the descriptions of certain pins is cutoff without not_any not_real good link to finish the description .
Please fix it .
Nice layout and design but since the new update there have been several instances in which the link of the pin wouldn t come up and it has crashed twice as well as some times when none of the pins would load .
The only problem is that it sometimes closes on me and I have to find what picture I was on .
Constantly crashes not only the not_app not_itself , but my brand new ipad and forces it to restart .
Easy to use and understand but every time I open it , it crashes .
Why change a good thing ?
Please bring it back .
I loved this app before , and after the new update I can t login .
Love Pinterest , but the iPad app still needs some work .
I generally like this app , but the latest update has actually been crashing my entire iPad , and not just not_jumping to the not_home screen at that but forcing it to reboot .
You must not not_want my not_feedback since you won t accept any nickname I give you .
Although the one thing that I would change would be when you pin an item that it would tell you if you have pinned it before , I know that before the update they had this feature but I don t believe that it is still there !
I think it s great , but wish you could have more secret boards .
Every single time I think you could do something better , I update the app and you ve literally read my mind .
What I DON T like is that since I updated my app , it won t take me from my pin to the sight it s pinned from .
It just opens a blank page .
Since I use Pinterest for things like crafts and recipes , and need the instructions , it s kindof unfortunate .
I loved the convenience when I was using my iPhone , if I clicked a picture to get a bigger view , I could just side swipe to get back to my browsing and now when I side swipe , it just takes me through similar pins or pins in that group or something .
Since the update I am unable to pin from tumblr by copying and pasting the URL .
Please fix this !
We need the clock back !
Everytime I try to go back to my likes it shuts me out ?
Definitely need my Pin Fix daily !
I search and it says none available .
It says there are no not_pins not_available on my home feed , my search , or under the categories .
blank on the home feed please fix it ASAP !
I just hate that it will randomly shut off or say that there are no not_pins not_available at this time .
I recommend it to everyone .
The humor and crafts sections provide much entertainment .
What the crap just happened ?
Okay cool you added a new feature that makes my pinning life frustrating now !
Now , I can no longer not_see the not_amount of boards people have ( I check because I look at each board after I follow so I can see if there s anything I need to unfollow . )
I just don t like the new look at all .
This update added so many navigation gestures , which are super fast and responsive .
But every time I try to delete a pin the app shuts down and I have to open again .
What happened ? ?
It crashes within seconds of using it !
You guys should add one more secret board ,
I love this app but ever since the update , the app crashes , and when I click on a pin to see the description I can t get back to Pinterest with out completely closing the app .
Please fix this .
I love Pinterest but the constant problem is it crashes off constantly .
But for some reason today it crashes my iPad ( nothing else does ) whenever I X out of a screen .
Please fix this .
My app crashed after I got the recent update ! !
Love this app until I updated it !
Please fix this bug ! ! ! ! ! !
I like the update except for one thing : I hate that you can not not_tell not_what your new notifications are !
Please fix this !
Why oh why did you do an update ?
Pcurtis42 , Just updated to new version and I am getting several pins that will not not_load , just not_get a colored window , but no not_picture .
I love that you can go swipe through now ; 0 ) ,
The so called new update of Oct 17 , 2013 actually locked up and crashed my Ipad .
Great app , you can get all kinds of ideas for whatever it is you are looking to do .
I do not not_like the not_new format for the search page ; what was wrong with the old icons ?
The only thing is the app crashes a lot .
The ability to see how others view things and how to make and do things , truly fantastic , some would say bombastic ! ! ! ! ! !
I haven t had any problems with the newest update .
ALSO would LOVE it if we could have sub boards , as is Food , then different boards under the food title , main dish , sides , sweets .
I love this app it has given me so many great ideas and the concept is genius !
I wish that you could easily transfer multiple items to a new board .
Never have any issues with this app .
Highly recommended if you need a place for your ideas and plans .
Please update yo iOS 7 ; it s making the settings weird ,
The iPad app tends to crash often .
I LOVE Pinterest , but this app crashes all the time !
I have had no not_problems with it not_so far .
Love it , addicted but it has been crashing a lot in last few weeks ,
I give Pinterest a 4 star rating because I am 100 % sure we confirmed the E mail but I still can t comment on other people s boards , pins , etc..
Why won t it work for me ?
\\n\\nNegative : the app does crash from time to time , usually when using the browser but that may be compatibility issues with my original iPad .
You can t do everything on it , like rearrange your boards , but it is super fast and easy to pin new items from your feed .
I have not not_had not_issues with Pinterest yet , but I did with another app .
Love this program , getting great ideas/ Hate this program because it always crashes on my Mobil device : / please fix it !
I have had no not_problems not_whatsoever with the Pinterest update and I m a Pinterest Junkie .
Love this app , it s great how you can share what you like with others .
While I really do enjoy Pinterest and all that it offers it crashes on a regular basis ! ! ! !
Please fix the problems it s very annoying to be reading something and it crashed you lose your place and it doesn t ever save where you were ! ! !
I am not not_following not_these people so why are they completely clogging my board with no way to not_unfollow not_them ?
Haven t had any problems just tons of fun pinning !
I like Pinterest for the most part , but we need the ability to file related boards under a single topic .
Each board is getting pretty cumbersome to scroll through and that frustration could be reduced by allowing us to separate broad topic boards into more specific ones .
Please add some server speed to those busy times .
Not sure what hardware people are using that are having the issues but I hope you get it worked out soon .
I would like to see the app changed to where I could leave a search open without it not_randomly not_starting over and I lose my place .
I m obsessed with the idea , but could use some improvements .
So it needs to be fixed : ) ,
All the things I like I one place so I can find them when I need them !
I really don t need to say anything else .
There are a few concerns like when you access the app it just force closes or when you click on like `` diy '' it will try to pull up the pins it will say `` no not_pins not_available at this time '' not not_convienent and not_kind of annoying cause you can force close the app and it still appears .
I love Pinterest online but being able to take it on the go is a lot more efficient and I can t stop pinning ! ! !
I just got this stupid app and was actually excited to start browsing .
The most recent update made a change that allows an easy repin option by holding your finger ( iPad version ) on the picture and it automatically pins it to your page .
I can t watch television or go anywhere without not_seeing not_something I want to `` pin ! ''
I have had no not_issues with not_this app ... and use it quite often .
I keep getting an error message with my email telling me I need to update it .
There is always a problem or a message saying there s a problem ,
I sit on my phone for hours adding stuff to my boards .
This is Amazing , everyone should use this !
Hardly ever has an issues !
I hate that when you hover or idle your finger over a pin it assumes you want to do something with that pin .
It s crashing again ! !
Since the latest update I can t look at my home page .
It s says there are `` No Pins currently available '' \\nPlease fix this it s extremely annoying .
I absolutely love this app any and everything that you want to know how to make you can find it on this app ! !
Very easy to use and provides great access to pins and boards .
\\n\\nI always refer to this website when I need to cook something fast and easy !
It helps me plan parties , decorate my room , and altogether waste hours of my time .
I need a life ,
Would definitely recommend getting the app .
Best site ever ... .has everything ... .can t stop going to it , but it crashes to much , please fix it .
I just wish there was a way to tell my followers that I completed one of my pins !
But if I try to open the pin Pinterest closes .
I LOVE Pinterest , but the newest update has been crashing quite a bit while pinning from the web .
This app is 100 % still useable , but very frustrating when it crashes .
I wish there was a way to slide between pins , though , so going back to the board wasn t necessary to view the next or last one .
Editing a pin could be a bit easier , and occasionally it crashes when I open it .
It s so easy to use & amp ; I love that you can repin without not_opening the not_image ,
Please fix the bugs : ( ,
I am now looking at the DIY pins for projects to start .
It updates your overall boards faster and it so much fun .
I haven t had any major problems with this app as long a I have a decent internet connection !
It s just so AWSOME you pin things an then you can click on the pic an it tells you how to do it ! ! !
The only issue is not not_being not_able to print .
I love my pins and boards , but the same day Pinterest added advertising at the top of the home page , IE 10 stopped being able to handle the site .
Please fix this problem soon !
It s amazing , but there s been many occasions where the app stops working and I can t download pins .
Hate when it crashes , but thankfully that is a rarity !
One more thing , they should add a little app things right next to the send and repin button and put add to camera roll .
The only problem I have with it is that sometimes it will close out unexpectedly and I have to start my search over .
I have a first gen iPad and it crashes often .
It happens every time please fix it ,
I would like to see an update in the app to correlate with iOS7 .
Love the app but I wish you could create folders of your boards .
My only complaint and the reason for 4 stars instead of 5 stars , is the constant crashing of the site when I am on my iPad .
I will update it when I have time .
I can t log into the app version of Pintrest , I can only log in through safari .
Ever since I downloaded the new version to my iPad it crashes every time getting frustrated .
Please fix this .
Whenever I go from Pinterest email and `` open '' Pinterest app , it crashes .
Every time I try to update the app it freezes and doesn t seem to want to do anything .
Please fix this ! ! !
Please change the layout of the `` popular '' pins , they re to small and very hard to see .
The app is convenient when I don t have access to my laptop , but is missing some of the features of the website .
I am often unable to open the source of a linked pin and sometimes the Pin It feature does not not_work at not_all .
But please fix the issues ! ! ! !
I can t pin or access pins I already have most of the time .
This app worked fine until it updated and now it crashes EVERY time I am on it .
Please fix the app it was wonderful !
I highly doubt there aren t pins available under the popular category .
Please fix this .
Now if it just wouldn t cut out on me .
Did the latest update and now the App does not not_work .
Please fix the bugs .
Please fix it .
However , it also crashed 5 times ! !
Please fix it back !
I just downloaded the update and now my app won t open .
All my boards are gone so I can t pin anything to the boards I want to without not_creating a not_new one .
Please fix it !
It s easy to pin or like/unlike something by just keeping your finger pressed down .
Don t get me wrong I love the app and all it s featured but when I try to create a new account because my old email address crashed .
Whenever I put it my new email address it says `` checking with availability '' and then crashes .
Can you please fix it ,
I just love this app .
The only problem is that I ll need to live to be 200 to get them all done !
I like the new features and I ve had less not_problems with the not_site .
This thing crashes constantly ! ! !
Perfect when you need to `` kill '' time , pull out the phone and `` pin '' away ! !
Ok sometimes it s just when I need a fix !
The only bad thing I can say about Pinterest is that there are just too many good ideas and not not_enough not_time or money in the day ! ! !
\\n\\n I have seen several boards with a number of pins that `` look like me '' and now follow the person who created the board .
It wont let me post a picture .
Especially aggravating that i have to type a decription every time to upload it just for it to fail .
I really hate all the new bugs I can t pin photos from my iPhone to my Pinterest app what gives ?
This app provides endless inspiration for everything from redecorating your home , to diy ( do it yourself ) projects , to artwork inspiration .
I rarely not_need to not_look anywhere else !
I just need more time !
Lately all I get is `` no not_pins not_available '' and shuts me down when I actually do get to look at a pin .
Just like the website .
Only change is the occasional crashes when exploring .
Who needs creativity when you can borrow someone else s !
Loved the new update until I updated my phone to iOS7 , now it won t even open .
Not blaming it all on Pinterest & amp ; have refrained from updating my iPad until Apple works out some of the other bugs but Pinterest needs to address .
Just what I needed to get some inspiration for scrap booking and costume making .
It crashes once in awhile , which is very annoying .
I just wish there was a way for it to show us where all of our double or triple pins are so that we can delete them without not_going not_through all of our boards .
It would be nice to show it the way iTunes can show you the repeats .
A great way to organize and stay current .
My only complaint is that I have not not_been not_able to add the pin it button on any device , which limits pinning to those items which already have pinning capabilities .
Someone really needs to work on that .
But it NEEDS to be fixed .
I hope you re working on a fix !
Please fix it .
Only way to be improved would be to stop the random shut down of the app on the ipad .
I love pintrest it s just I don t know how to add friends ,
With the new update I can t pin anything to my existing boards ... please fix this !
Im still figuring how something s , might be cool to have a mini tutorial when you get on ! ! !
Love the ease of re pinning , but I forget to type my own comments on my pins because the box is so small .
When I have time and need some me time , I get on and have such a wonderful time browsing and pinning I just love it .
What did we do before Pinterest ? ! ? ! ?
App crashes a lot .
Will read `` pins not not_available not_'' for categories .
When I try to pin something my boards won t show up so I can t pin anything , so annoying ! ! !
One of my faves I m obsessed with this app only thing need to fix on how it always malfunctions ... but love new tap and pin .
But right now it is frozen and I can t do anything ,
Sometimes the system will crash on my IPad while I am going from a pin to the website and if I haven t pinned it yet it can be hard or sometimes impossible to find the pin again .
It also would be nice to be able to move a pin from one board to another .
Since last update can t pin from Camera Roll and pins are not not_showing not_up .
And I don t like how you have to open up the pin to be able to pin it .
Would of given higher stars if that was available .
Please fix this issue on iOS 7 ,
I love love love this app but since the last update its been crashing constantly please fix ! ! !
I just wish my stupid iPad didn t crash every two seconds when using the app version .
I live on this app , because Pinterest is bomb , so it s discouraging when it crashes .
Running IOS 6.1.3 , Pinterest crashes every few minutes of browsing .
I still love the app , but this needs to get fixed ASAP !
This site has helped me plan the wedding of my dreams !
It crashes every couple of minutes .
I ll be in the middle of pinning something and it will crash .
Totally addicted , first started Pinterest looking for ideas for my daughter s wedding , thought it was just a phase until we started renovating our house and started looking for our dream house .
However , you have to log into your account when you want to pin something .
I didn t have this problem before .
It only reads , `` There are no not_pins not_available '' .
I just love it ! ! !
I Will be pinning and then it will randomly crash ,
You have made it impossible to figure out how to open what I ve pinned .
I can t view anything !
\\nBut it currently crashes every time someone has emailed me a pin and I try to open it .
Since I never not_pin not_without seeing the website , it would be nice to save some time ... while I m wasting time ... yeah .
SamSan0710 , App has not not_worked since the not_update .
\\n9/23/13 I do not not_know not_how to write to you other than here .
What exactly does that include ?
And , does this mean you are going to stop my Weekly , or so , update emails ?
\\n\\nI also want to know if there s a way to delete the names I do not not_want not_under the Red Icon with the 2 push pins in it .
I also want to know if the red icon with the 2 pins in it can be edited .
I have told you that I have limited data and Pinterest is using most of it limiting my personal usage when I need it .
Is there a way to edit that list ?
I ONLY WANT TO KNOW IF SOMEONE SENDS ME SOMETHING AND INFO FROM THE PERSON THAT I CHOOSE TO FOLLOW ... the weekly , or so , update emails are fine .
I just got one ! !
Also , again , how do I edit that icon ?
No crashes or freezing for me , but this is a 5S .
I ve always been crafty and PINTEREST helps me to know how to do it ! !
Don t use this app if you have anything productive you want to do .
When I m doing a home project , it is great to just pin everything I need and buy what I can when I can !
I love having all my ideas just a click away and adding new ideas any time any where .
I just love it .
You can no longer not_zoom or not_enlarge pictures on an iphone or ipad with this new update , this really stinks !
Everyone should have this app .
When I need an idea for supper or for home decor or for the classroom , all I have to do is go to pinterest .
How did I ever get through without it not_?
Hands down my favorite app , I spend hours just pinning things !
Any suggestions ? ?
Before this update you saw what you wanted to see .
Now , you are FORCED to view whatever they think you might like and there is no way to not_turn not_this off .
\\nPinterest , please fix this .
What do we do ?
The only thing that bothers me is people put pictures of things on here , and never not_tell you not_how to make or where to buy .
U cud add those options , as well as adding a `` pin it '' button for wen im browsing the web on my iphone & amp ; wntin to pin/share something !
i.e. , I do not not_want to not_know how to knit , nor do I want to see what someone else knitted , knitting does NOT interest ME , etc .
It is a neat app but I forgot my pass code ,
This app is so easy to use , developers should use it as an example !
I would love to see the ability to put boards into folders though .
The app also tends to crash a lot .
Haven t had a problem .
Love pintrest and prefer the app to using it on the computer , however I find that when I got to the pin sites from pintrest the site crashes : / if I am just pinning to different boards I don t usually have this problem ,
I love this app I can almost always do what is is that I want with it the only thing I don t like is I can t post some sites because of no not_photos not_found and I m often unable to upload a pic of my choice when this happens : / ,
I do like and only reason why it gets four stars instead of five is the random errors where I can t repin something .
RoxHammar , Upgraded to most recent version today and now I can t pin to secret boards , and when I go to my profile to view my boards it shows none ( like when you re new and haven t created any boards yet ) !
Please fix this ASAP !
I ve loved Pinterest for a long time but lately after I updated my iPhone there has been nothing but problems with it .
Just wish you could have more private boards so you could separate different things .
You have to be careful when you go to click on the picture to learn more .
There are endless ideas , projects , and images .
Just updated to 7.0 and now I can t open app .
Please fix I love this app .
I just wish there was an easier way to get the pin it button for the iPad .
It seems that this app crashes constantly .
I can be on it for 5 10 minutes and it will crash .
Please fix this ! !
So sad and disappointed that something as big as this app is having such major problems and isn t being fixed in a timely matter .
Please fix ASAP : / ,
MllePeine , Ever since the iOS 7 update I have not not_been not_able to pin .
Instead of printing off all of the ideas I would like to keep , I just pin it .
Whilst I love this site , the app does not not_do it not_justice , it frequently stops and loses the place I was trying to pin causing me to have to start from the beginning , I hope it upgrades soon to improve ease of use ,
I can t think of anything I don t like !
Other than that I really love all the updates they have added the past couple times !
Also crashes a lot on my pad .
When I was sick recently , Pinterest beckoned me from my iPad & amp ; provided me with an enjoyable afternoon of things to do in the future !
Very addicting , ideas are endless , new features make it fun to share !
I can look at my pins and plan my project in whatever store or craft booth I m shopping at , very user friendly and highly addictive , lol !
The only problem with Pinterest is it is addicting !
Love it and I totally recommend it !
This app is awesome , and I love that now you can make your own pins right from your phone .
Every time I try to like something it crashes .
If I try to repin something it crashes .
If I try to open the app through safari it crashes .
It crashes sooooo much !
I love this app , just in a few days i found a lot of interesting hairstyles , needed for a wedding ! ! !
My favorite thing about it is that I can pin a recipe and have it with me when I m shopping to buy the ingredients I need .
I only wish for it to improve and I haven t had any problems with it so far besides the fact that it distracts me during homework ; ) but I would like to be able to view my duplicate pins ; I m not not_sure not_if anyone else feels this way , and I realize it tell me `` Pssstt , you ve already pinned this '' but sometimes I need to see the duplicates from before that update came out .
I like to keep everything organized and with 94 boards and 7000~ pins , I d like to have the option of seeing the doubles : D thank you much !
I just found this site and I absolutely love it ! !
There is a occasional problem every now and then but not to not_bad , not_I use it everyday .
However , not only the not_app not_but also the website crashes frequently .
I have the app on my new iPhone ( just had it a few days ) and I haven t seen it crash on it yet however , it s so small I can hardly not_read it even with not_glasses .
I love the app and it s great , I was just going to see if maybe they could make an update , I have no not_idea not_how to code so pardon if it s a whole lot more difficult than I think it is , to tell me when I ve already pinned stuff so I don t pin it again .
I love the app other than that so keep doing whatever it is you re doing Pintrest !
I love everything about it , just please fix the uploading .
Every time I tried adding pictures it takes FOREVER to load then it says something went wrong on their part ?
This suits my distraction needs to look at pretty things when I m bored .
But there are some issues with non pc usage .
Wish those could be worked out .
Love all the pins , however one recommendation ... it would be nice to be able to sort pins by date posted , newest to oldest .
The update crashes much less not_often and not_refreshes perfectly .
I can t think of anything that would make this app better .
It s a good app , except whenever there is a link to a Pinterest image and the web browser wants to open up Pinterest as the default option as soon as Pinterest open instead of going to the photo it crashes .
Who needs a wedding planner when there s pinterest .
Love it just wish didn t have so many bugs .
Love this App so fun and a great way to find stuff you never not_knew not_was there .
There are so many great ideas and projects on here and I ve been so inspired by the boards that I seek out and follow !
Do you know how much time i waste on here ?
I haven t had any problems with the app crashing on either my iPhone 4 or iPad 2 .
I am amazed how many ideas are all in one spot .
When it crashes you can t find where you left off .
I highly recommend it !
I could get lost for hours on this app and I have .
dnx , Great app , only problem you need to be able to move a pin from an open board to a locked board and change public boards to locked boards .
No need to look anywhere else when it comes to your hobbies/interests .
I can t stop pinning ! ! !
I love this app but I am unable to really get into it before it CRASHES ! ! !
Please fix it !
EXCEPT , it crashes my iPad every time a page refreshes .
The only thing I would recommend is having folders to organize all the items you like that way when you need to find something quickly .
Love pinterest but it crashes on the iPad all the time it s annoying ,
I literally plan my meals around recipes I find on Pinterest ! ! !
Since the last update the app crashes a lot .
I can t log in through my Facebook account anymore .
Also love that you just have to hold your finger on the picture to pin , share or like !
Why didn t I think of this ?
Helps me plan my wedding ,
I do wish there was a way to have the Pin It button on my phone and not just on the not_computer .
So many great ideas on anything you are wanting to know about .
Definitely need this app !
I love the app , I haven t figured out how to include someone else on the repin with my ipod 5 though .
However , my IPad constantly crashes , crashes , crashes and I have the larger memory IPad .
pinterest does not not_crash as not_much with Safari as the app ; however there is a different problem with Safari .
On Safari , the board names will not not_scroll .
Another problem , when pinning with my IPad on Safari , all my boards are not not_accessible and not_I have to pin in an odd board for the subject matter and repin to the correct board title later .
Please fix it , Pinterest .
And the secret boards feature is great , but you need to be able to send pins from your secret boards , work on that guys !
I pin recipes and things I like and when I m at the store I can take a look at what I need to buy .
It stinks when you go to make a dish you have made a few times and the link is no longer not_avail .
I never have not_any not_problems with the app !
Please fix the ( Save to Camera ) feature I used that a lot !
My forever post it of things to do .
Really love all the quick shortcuts available as well as easy navigation .
My only beef with it is that it crashes every once in a while .
In a world full of bad news and offensive jokes , Pinterest never not_fails to not_distract and/or make me grateful with this one simple , obvious truth : `` Hey , there are several others who take pride in being goofy !
When a pin is emailed to me and tries to open in app it crashes : ( ,
Please take these away .
Thank you everyone who posts their ideas !
Especially love that you can view lots of history , art , and science without not_leaving not_home !
Highly recommend it !
I didn t like that you had to get and sign into an account even just to look at the home page so I just ended up pulling up Pinterest on Safari and saving it to my desktop .
I can t look at anything .
Some crashes .
\\n\\nIt would be nice to be able decorating shows such as HGTv or Food net work .
\\n\\nSome crashes when pinning from e mail .
I like that there are so many ideas .
Great app , sometimes it crashes but it s pretty rare .
Took off a star because it crashes sometimes happened after the new update came out .
Please fix\\nVery very annoying ! !
Since iOS 7 update has been crashing when I try to open from gmail .
I love to spend time on Pinterest I just wish the app didn t CRASH CONSTANTLY .
It never not_fails .
If you have a ton of stuff to do and have trouble focusing , this app can either help you find new ways to do them or distract you enough to completely forget about them ,
Just want the side alphabet option back especially for those of us with lots of boards .
If you are planning a surprise party or something , another secret board would be nice to have so my followers can t see .
Only problem is I spend too much time on it ; ) ,
I recommend it to everyone and all who try it will and have loved it ! !
Please fix the bugs .
Your app crashes constantly and hates multitasking especially with messaging .
Don t like the limited pages now and refreshing the pages just loads the same thing .
\\nThere has been a few issues of not not_being not_able load things , view the original sites & amp ; it is crashing some what .
\\nOverall it s pretty awesome just needs a few tweaks .
Frequently crashes while using on my original IPad since I can t upgrade to the latest operating system .
\\n\\nBut..the app has been crashing A LOT recently .
Every single time I open a pin the app crashes ,
It s so addictive I can spend hours just browsing the great ideas .
I love the feature where all you need to do is press and hold the pin for easy and quick access to re pin , share , or like .
I just wonder , out of all the various categories , why isn t there one for either spiritual , inspirational or religion ?
But there is some bugs that needs to be fix .
Please do something about it .
My 15g bite phone had no not_room not_because 10 g was used in pictures of hair and garden ideas witch is not not_suffent for not_because I m not not_Gona not_plant a garden right this second great for planing wedding anything really I can t zoom on I phone tho nor save a picture I have take a picture of the page n then zoom in that is y I did not not_give not_5 stars ,
\\nAn app that even my 4 year old cousin likes and can use it .
thinks it s worth having , we use it to keep up with each others ideas for our future : D\\nI suggest it to everyone I know !
4 stars because it crashes sometimes , but otherwise it s great !
But today , it will crash anytime I tried to pin or click on a link .
After updating I am unable to follow pins to links .
It crashes every time I try to do it .
It updated after iOS 7 and now it crashed EVERY time you try to open a pin .
Pinterest worked better before I updated it 10 min ago .
New feature is cool but every time I try to pin something , the app crashes .
Fix it fast , please .
Since the upgrade every time I try to pin , the app crashes ! ! !
I love the ap ... however , since the new update and iOS 7 it crashes every time I try to open it .
Please fix it soon !
Now I can t click on a pin to go to the link .
It crashes every time .
Every time I try to pin something it closes the app : / please fix this problem !
The app crashes ALL the time since I upgraded to iOS 7 .
Never had issues with it but currently experiencing frequent crashing and closing of the app whenever I try to click a pin or open the pin to the website : ( please fix it !
Every time I try to pin something , the app crashes !
Very annoying , so hopefully a new update will be available soon !
I love this app but today whenever I try to open a pin the app crashes .
Every 3 minutes it crashes and you lose what you wanted to pin .
Seriously , I can t do anything on the new update because it crashes all the time .
Love apples update , but now Pintrest crashes when I am pinning .
Every time I click on a pin the app crashes ,
I get all my party planning ideas from Pinterest and I also learned how to cook !
The app crashes every time I click on a pin .
Absolutely love the app , but since iOS7 , app is constantly crashing .
I love the app and I ve had it for a while but starting today , actually just now , whenever I hit the `` pin '' button , the app crashes .
It s not not_working .
Please fix this !
Every time I press a post to go to the website of pin , it crashes ! !
It has been crashing a lot when I try to click open a link from a new pin & amp ; I ve logged out/in many times .
I love Pinterest , but the app has been crashing whenever I try and click on the linked picture to go to that site .
It crashes when you click the `` pin it '' button .
Please fix this bug !
I finally relented and updated , rebooted my iPad , then opened the updated app only to have it crash every time I try to open a pin .
So sad that I updated this .
Is there a way to go back to the old app that worked for me ?
Please fix this so we can open a pin and go to the website before we like or pin something .
Please fix this , it s persuading me to not not_use not_this app till it s fixed !
Can t get enough of this app , it s driving me nuts that suddenly it s crashing every few seconds .
I used to love the app but since I updated to ios7.2 I can t pin or click a link without it not_crashing !
Just can t pin pic frm picture only frm TL !
Annoying when you are scrolling through things , find something cool , app crashes , and it takes forever to find again : ( .
With this latest update , the app ( on iPhone and iPad ) crashes when I try to go to the original site .
Am I doing something wrong or is this a bug ?
App is crashing as soon as I try to open a link .
As of today the app continually crashes when I try to pin something .
\\n\\n9/28 Update since the iOS7 update this app continues to crash when I touch a pin to go to the website .
Please fix this ! !
Every time I click on a link the app crashes & amp ; turns off !
I can t do anything ! !
Ever since I updated this app on my phone and my iPad , I can not not_access the not_website that I pinned a recipe to .
Restarted device and still crashes .
Please fix this !
Now all of a sudden it crashes each time I try to pin or expand a pin .
May have to delete if this doesn t get fixed .
You need to fix this ! !
It crashes every few minutes on my iPad & amp ; none of my other apps do this .
Used to be a great app , but now every time I try to click anything , it crashes !
So we all know this app rocks and we waste all our time on it , but whenever I click the link to ANYTHING it crashes ! ! & gt ;
please fix this bug SOON !
I love pinterest and will be lost without it on my not_iPhone ! ! !
I don t understand how no one at not_pinterest not_is doing anything to fix this ... would be a great app if you could actually get it to work .
\\n\\nBUT ... it crashes every 5 10 minutes for the last week : ( ,
HOWEVER , ever since I downloaded the update , now every single time I go to re pin something , it crashes ! !
But it has crashed on me several times tonight .
It would be nice to be able to group like boards together .
Anytime I try to do anything , it crashes .
Every time I click on a pin to go to the original site , it CRASHES .
You only do that if you have to !
I love Pintrest but every since I updated it , it keeps crashing .
I can not not_pin not_anything without it not_crashing .
Since the update for iOS 7 I can t pin anything , makes the app useless if you can t pin and it crashes constantly .
Please fix this , I enjoy my Pinterest time but this new bug is extremely frustrating ,
It just closes the program ,
Every time I clicked on the pined photo , the app crashes .
PLEASE FIX CRASHING ,
How on earth can I get back to the earlier version ?
Since the iOS 7 update and the corresponding Pinterest app update , the Pinterest app crashes continually .
It is especially sure to crash if you try to click through to the original source .
Please fix bug and I will give 5 stars .
Now crashed every time I use it , mostly when I try to repin pins or open up the website .
Since the last update it crashes anytime I try to look at a pin and sometimes when I am pinning things .
Please fix this !
If those two problems could be fixed , Pinterest would be perfect .
Every time I try to repin something , the app crashes .
We need some bug fixes stat I can t pin anything !
As always Pinterest is a fantastic app , however , with this most recent update , it crashes ALL the time : when I try to pin something , when I try to open the source of a pin , when I search , etc . ,
The new update keeps making the it crash .
Love this app , but after the update it crashes constantly .
\\nStill wish you could search within your boards , but the errors have pretty much been corrected .
I m glad they finally made a search for your boards though .
This app continually crashes .
Please fix this ! ! ! ! !
Pinterest used to work great and now it crashes constantly .
Really love Pinterest and new features are great but can t even open pins because of constant crashing ... .no good : ( ,
M hix , This version has some serious issues !
When I try to pin stuff it crashes !
Beck K. , Dear Pinterest , \\nSince I updated my app , I can t pin !
I love Pinterest , but it s always crashing ! ! !
I love this app and use all the time , however since last update every time I try to pin anything it is crashing !
Keeps crashing since I updated my iPhone to iOS 7.0.2 !
Please update your APP ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Keeps crashing every time I try to click on a Pin , the whole app crashes .
I love this app but with the new update it s constantly crashing & amp ; I can t use it ! !
Please fix this ASAP ! !
App continuously crashes since ISO7 update !
When I searched `` home grotto '' and found a pic that I liked , I clicked Pin It and Pinterest crashed .
Every time I try to click on a pin it crashes .
The app crashes after trying to pin `` the special way '' ( touch and hold then slide to pin ) .
Then I do it again and it crashes !
Update continually crashes .
Please fix it .
Not sure if anyone else is having the same problem and knows how to fix it please let me know .
Really wish you could fix the crashing .
The app keeps CONSTANTLY crashing when i try to pin something .
This app is great , but laity it will crash every time I try to pin something .
Please fix that it is so annoying !
I love Pinterest , but recently every few minutes the app has been crashing .
App usually works great , but all morning when I try to click through to the link , Pinterest crashes : ( please fix !
I am disappointed that I can t access Pinterest without it not_crashing .
I love the app but now whenever I click the pin button it crashes .
: / Please fix it soon !
I checked and no not_update not_was available so that s not the not_problem .
Please fix it .
I love the app and just want it to work ,
I highly recommend getting this app ! !
This needs to be documented and things need to be done ( perhaps other than advertising and alienating users ( your customers ) to ensure Pinterest s solid and growing future .
I just love this app to the fullest I turn to it for everything I totally forgot about Facebook n Instagram I spend all my Internet surfing on this app love it got ta have it ,
Would also be nice to organize pins on a board .
All no not_changes and just not_can t log in on my iPhone .
Hi my name is Lexy I think pentrist is a great game I love how you can put what you want and let people see what you posted and you can just be you ,
Love that I can use the site to get my senses going .
It still crashes so pls work on that .
I love pineteret , but my app crashes frequently ,
I absolute recommend this app , it s addicting !
Desktop , phone , and iPad I need my Pinterest app .
I love how easy it is to re pin your ideas are now with the touch and swipe .
There are great ideas for anything you could ever want ! !
There is only one major problem with it .
Pinterest is amazing I just discovered it a few months ago and since then I have been totally addicted .
never not_had not_not one problem with it crashing .
Only problem is sometimes when I click on a pin in the app the website in app stalls or doesn t show up at all .
\\n\\nWish you could search , but other than that incredible !
Especially when I need something to do when I am bored !
But , I can t save pin pics to camera roll , and I can t sweep with my fingers to view larger .
But it crashes all the time .
I love this app but ever since the last update it crashes constantly .
The bug that came with the last update has been fixed , and Pinterest is back to its normal awesome self .
But not in the not_`` not_I need an intervention '' way .
Tatt Mama , I need a Pinervention ,
It s got something for anyone , and the ideas are so creative .
I need a Pintervention !
\\nBut please make it easier to scroll back up and heck even scroll all the way to the bottom .
Love Pinterest and this app just delivers what I need to do Pin .
I can t open the app at all , nor can I delete it .
Please fix this .
\\n\\nI have not not_had not_any problems with the app crashing on my ipad 3 , and I use it daily ( sometimes for several hours , whoops ! )
When I try to see a pin in my email the app crashes ,
This is an interesting app that provides many varied activities and ideas .
I recommend it to everyone !
The only problem occurs when there is an update .
I ve never not_had not_any problems .
this is a very good app for pinterest i just find the interface counterintuitive .
I love that you can have Pinterest wherever you go now .
Did the new update for iPhone and app completely crashed and unusable .
I like that pinterest added the search your own pins option .
I wish you could pin things from the web via your iPhone , as well .
Now I just need to figure out how to pin something while in Safari on my phone .
Great ideas for those folks who , like myself , need more than a little creative inspiration .
I recommend it for anyone !
And you an share what your interest and ideas are .
I love the Pinterest app but it crashes when opening a pin from an email .
Great app , never has not_any not_problems ,
My iPod 4 crashes every time I open a pin that has been sent to me !
My only problem is that I tend to spend a great deal of time on this app .
I can t seem to see much past the opening but what it crashes .
Every once in a while it will crash , but only after I m on for an hour or so ... yes , I use it that much .
Please fix it so it always works !
Does have some server issues though .
I am a software qa engineer and can tell you confidently that it is one of the most consistent , well performing apps I use .
There are excel sheets and printables that I can not not_print and have to not_wait until I m on a desktop .
I think iOS 7 is better than ever so Pinterest needs an iOS 7 look update from the keyboard to the flattered look .
Great app but it needs an update for iOS 7 !
Ios7 really screwed up my pintrest I can t even open it nor can I delete the app I want my Pinterest back please fix it ,
The new iOS update has bugs and the app crashes .
When you try to open a pin that is sent to you through email it takes you to safari , then the app opens , freezes , and crashes .
Please fix this ASAP !
I can t open Pinterest at all .
I don t know what to do ... but i need to pin .
Someone needs to fix this .
What a great idea to be able to organize all the neat things you see on the web and save them to view later !
I love pinterest and do not have and not_do not_not have any problems with it .
Please fix and provide update .
Every time I open the app it crashes .
This is a really good app to get when you need good ideas for the home or anything ! !
Very addicting just wish the app wouldn t shut down randomly on my iPad all the time ,
Thanks to Pinterest , I have beaded a bracelet , made a garden mosaic and cooked a fabulous Jerusalem chicken dish .
Please update the app !
\\n\\nComplaint : I have not not_been not_able to follow the links with the latest updates !
I changed my Facebook password this morning since I log into Pinterest through Facebook & amp ; I thought that fixed it but I just now saw the same pin that I supposedly pinned .
Pinterest is an endless well of great ideas for all things .
Do have trouble with it crashing occasionally but so many fun ideas ! ! !
I will post this on every app I have that has an update in hopes that apple will get word to change their font color so the updates can be easily read .
Great app but really needs to let us share multiple pictures at once with the same tag ,
I feel very unorganized having 68 boards when It could be alot less with not_sub not_boards such as Recipes then I could have a sub board dessert and dinner and healthy .
Love the added you pinned this already and hold to pin , I cant even do Pinterest online anymore .
How do I stop this ?
Pinterest has provided a great form of therapy .
I wish that when I started a new board that there was an easier way to move multiple pins to that board .
I starting pinning so many kitchens that I created a Kitchen board .
I wish there was a quick and easy way to select the kitchens under my Home board and move them to my new Kitchen board .
The only problem is it s soooooooo addicting .
Love how fast and easy to use it is .
Love Pinterest but I don t love when this app crashes .
Only issue is folks who post things with wrong or no not_working not_links .
\\n\\nBY THE WAY , you should create a creativity option with the website .
I highly recommend it if you want your Pinterest on the go .
I just wan na pin stuff , and you re making this really difficult for me .
Amazed at how boards can be renamed and pins added from the clipboard .
Not only can you find the best variety of images , you can find the how to s .
The only issue I have is it will shut off right in the middle of me pinning sometimes , otherwise , this app is awesome and very addiciting ! !
So many ideas , from inspiration to how to , that would have been nearly impossible to find before Pinterest brought it/us all together .
I have been told I need a Pinterest intervention but where else can you get , share , try out so many awesome ideas , recipes and information visually in one spot and still have an option to keep some of it PRIVATE ( Secret Boards ) ? !
The glitches from the prior version seem to be mostly fixed , great app !
\\nOnly beef I have with the app is that it seems to crash every so often on the IPad .
Pinterest is a collection of many people s ideas and crafts and recipes plus cool things that other people can use to enrich their lives .
How bout this just like the new way to ?
And this is my only real issue I want to be able to look at my pins and likes offline !
Is there a way to fix these ?
It has a few bugs that need to be worked out but all in all great app ,
This app is amazing and has awesome quality so i highly recommend it !
It never not_crashes and not_is super easy to use ! ! !
No need to waste money on fashion or beauty magazines , after the discovery of this site .
I have made quite a few and some are weekly dinners .
Also , I need more boards ! !
I need Pinterest to come up with a remedy for Pinterest Obsession .
I haven t had one problem .
But I just don t get the same satisfaction at all when I use the app on my phone .
Because my brain short circuits and I forget how to make school lunches or how I should organize ski equipment in the garage , I turn to Pinterest every time I need a good idea .
All the ideas and recipes are great .
Smoother than through Safari\\nEasy to use and fast\\n\\nOnly con is I only have iPad I and it will close unexpectedly and I often lose my place , but my wife has a newer iPad and has no not_problems , not_so I figure it is my iPad and/or that I can t use latest IOS on my pad ,
Love Pinterest , love this app , but it crashes every time I pin something !
Haven t had any issues or problems with the latest update .
It freezes and crashes way too much ! ! ! ! !
My only complaint is that when I click on a longer post the app will crash .
Every time I try it crashes .
Please fix this !
There are still a lot of problems with the system that need to be addressed .
Shoot who needs to go to culinary school when you got Pinterest !
The only problem is that it is addictive !
It works great and I love the recent changes the have made .
Anytime I need some inspiration .
I couldn t have planned my wedding without it ! ! !
I don t have any crashing issues and I have gotten used to the latest update .
I love how simple you ve made it for me to waste my time on Pinterest .
I love the idea of Pinterest but right now the bugs are too hard to even use it !
There are so many creative ideas and wonderful recipes .
Appreciate the fact that Pinterest will let me know if I have already pinned something .
Best app available .
Example : my friends are trying to plan a bridal shower for me and are of course pinning away , but they can t pin them so the other girls can view or I might be able to see it .
\\n\\nThis would be good too if you re planning a trip with friends and want to share an open board or secret etc . etc . ,
Would be nice to have a search boards by letter feature .
Just wish there was a way to organize boards , for example I have boards for my bathroom , living room , kitchen , etc .
It would be nice to put those all in a folder together .
It seriously has EVERYTHING you can think of AND shows you how to do it .
It makes me happy to just scroll through these different categories when I need inspiration .
And now it s simple , I just pin it !
I also agree if would be great if there was a way to drag and drop to pin but I really dont mind the current system .
Also please make it where when you type in a letter looking for a board to pin to it will bring up boards that begin with that letter .
It only crashes every once in a while but that doesn t bother me .
Just absolutely love Pinterest ,
s Mommy , Haven t had any issues with freezing or loading .
Does what I need it to .
It s like a giant photo gallery all in one app that millions of people post on everyday ,
I haven t had any problems with it .
The recent additions and changes have made Pinterest even easier to use and more useful , if that s even possible !
Would have given it five stars if it was a little faster and didn t crash .
I love Pinterest , but the app has so many problems !
And I have to tap on a pin 3 4 times before the link will open .
You have to try it !
Never have a problem with this app .
I even planned a babyshower thanks to Pinterest !
It s provides me with pictures I love , and ideas that I never not_thought of for my not_future home , backyard , etc . ,
Love Pinterest and this app supports my addiction !
The BUT part is having to look at how to do something and you have to either hit 3 more things or its not not_there at not_all .
love it but i rather tap the picture of what ever i want and like the PC you can show choices like get it on the web instead of taking me on a roller coaster to get let say a recipe for example , so please fix it .
I honestly haven t had problems with the app .
I wish there was a better way to organize my boards .
I would like to have categories of boards like food and then boards in that category like crock pot , dessert , main dishes , etc .
I use Pinterest everyday , and compared to most apps , it s just perfect . . . Glitches are normal , I m sure you ll take care of them all , right ?
Don t want to link it to my fb & amp ; every time I try to upload a picture it fails .
I don t know if the issue is due to my iPod or the app .
I think I can t function without not_this not_app .
I also love that you can do private boards now too .
\\n\\nThe only 3 suggestions I would add are : \\n1 ) The pins that require purchase should be forced to tag and add the price which would in essence cut down on disappointment and wasting of time .
\\n2 ) More Pinners need to take an active interest in reporting spam .
I need to houseclean the boards n think I must not not_be not_alone in this .
Every girl needs this app ! ! !
I just love it !
But I will focus on some wishes : \\nWish I could connect or comment with some of my followers \\nWant to be able to alphabetize my boards to get to them easier\\nDon t know how to change main picture on board without not_deleting it not_\\nWould like to combine some boards \\nWould like to reorganize some boards\\nDon t know how to pin something s I find on my I pad if there s no not_Pinterest not_button on that page\\nHow do I put my pictures on Pinterest ?
This leads me to believe there is a issue with people s phones not not_Pinterest not_app .
But please fix the crashes I always have to reopen it in order to use it .
s IPod , Just live this app !
If only there was a way to prevent all those pins on subjects I am not not_interested in not_staring me in the face when I open Pinterest !
If you re wanting `` do it yourself '' ideas or how to s , or wanting a good recipe this app has it all !
Never had any issue !
Lester : ) , I really would love it if I could have more than 3 secret boards ,
The app freezes frequently and always crashes .
No crashes .
Only reason I gave it four stars is because it crashes occasionally or my pins do not not_successfully not_make it to my pin board .
Now I just need an app to actually do all the DIY stuff I pin !
I have found some amazing recipes , how to s , handy ideas , giggles , as well as losing hours of time .
It motivates me to fix healthy new things to eat .
Their updates always prove that you can make a great thing better .
Just a few bugs that need to be resolved .
I am officially a Pinterest addict , and my food had never not_tasted not_better , my lesson ideas for school are awesome , and my home is fresh and stylish !
Haven t had issues .
I enjoy the interesting content available .
Ever time I get on the site there is new and fun ideas .
Love it and well it gives me so many ideas my brain is overflowing and while that can be messy Pinterest has suggestions on how to handle that mess I m sure !
I design and make jewelry and the tips and how to s are priceless .
There is endless info on anything you can think of and some things I never not_thought not_I needed to know .
I just love everything about Pinterest .
Please bring back the letter selection for board pinning and the like !
I have created several boards for holidays , home , food categories , etc . ,
You must download it now !
It is such a great app and I truly think that everyone in the world should have it .
I agree with another reviewer who suggested drag and drop organizing .
I find that the ap crashes sometimes , but it functions just like the website .
I also have made my mom & amp ; sister addicts ! ! !
How did someone think up this site ?
But I suggest a few things .
The ideas I get off of here are AWESOME ! ! !
As a teacher I have found several great ideas that have made my classroom a much richer environment .
I wish I knew how to print some of this information from the site .
It could be improved with removing all content inappropriate or foul .
I can t stop adding to my boards !
App also crashes when trying to save a pic to my phone .
You plan on just taking a 5 minute peek & amp ; realize its been 5 hours .
I haven t had any problems with it .
If you have to wait in line or a meeting has lost your attention .
( In a good way ) Before the app I had to wait until I could use the laptop to pin , and once I did the Internet was slow so I hardly not_pinned not_anything !
The only problem , which I m willing to overlook , are the occasional crashes .
But I really do not not_like that you not_can t always open the recipes or instructions .
\\nA lot of the past problems have been fixed .
It stopped doing it and I think it should have that feature back .
Just wish it didn t crash so much .
New way to pin is great .
Yes , sometimes the app crashes , it happens .
I like that you can comment on people s pins : ) ,
\\n When I need a virtual vacation , I go to my Places to Love board .
I can t thank u enough !
It s crashed on me a couple of times while using my iPad , but I m pretty sure I need to update my electronics .
It would be really nice if we could rearrange the pins on the boards , or move them from one board to another .
However , it would be nice if the links reported as spam were required to be removed in the first place .
Not liking the crashes , but love the app !
It would be nice to be able to move pins within a board .
Haven t had any problem with the updates yet .
I haven t had any issues that have been reported , I guess cuz I m not on it not_all the not_time .
However , the app versions seem to have an issue with frequent crashing .
It crashes every once in a while .
AE8638 , Everyone I try to open the app it automatically crashes .
Whoever decided to make this app needs an award .
Great source of anything you need !
I can t stop pinning !
Just hate the crashes !
Only problem is , '' why havent i thought of that before '' moments !
This is the only issue I have ever had and its a big one because it makes the app worthless and a waste of space on my phone .
This is a great app , there are so many bright ideas out there !
I love this app ... however , since the last update it constantly crashes , to the point I can t even use it .
i use this daily and have had no not_issues not_related to app crashing .
Some ppl may need to simply update the app .
But I have never not_been not_able to install the bookmarklet on my iPhone .
Only complain is a crash somewhat often , but they seem to be fixing those quickly .
First , I have never not_ever not_had the app crashing problem with any of my devices iPhone , iPad , and iPad mini
However , a consideration might be given to limitingi the often dysfunctional ad packed blogs and commercial sales Pin sites have become really annoying , and too often include uninspired and overpriced products .
Like others , I too would love to see a `` Did It '' icon , and a thumbs up/down rating for those projects .
The mobile version needs some work guys .
Please enable a plug in for the ipad browser Safari .
I am on this site checking out who has posted what that I love , creating beauty and collecting great resources .
I go on it every single day , my phone never not_froze or not_crashed because of Pinterest .
Pinterest is so great for when you need a crafty idea or just want something to look at !
This app has helped me plan my wedding !
I was thrilled to get the iPhone 5 and realize that I could use this app .
When the app crashes , it is an utter pain to have to start all over again .
It s amazing how many ideas you can find on Pinterest on every subject imaginable !
I have no not_problems with not_this app and I love using it If I need to take a sneek peek at a recipe or a craft I wanted to do .
I really enjoy using this app , I haven t had any problems so far and it s pretty easy to navigate .
Just wish it didn t shut down so often .
Don t have an old version to compare it to and haven t had any bugs .
Would love to see the addition of a tab added where you can put people you love to follow more than others .
Only issue is that I sometimes have trouble loading websites from my pins .
Great app..haven t had any problems !
Does pretty much what you would expect .
There are two issues I have with it .
1 ) it crashes a lot .
2 ) I wish you could chat with other pinners .
I would love it if you could make it so that we could move our boards the way we do our apps , I would like to be able to have my Christmas , Halloween , Easter , Home decor , home products and DIY boards all in a row but right now they are all over the place because I didn t create them in any kind of order .
Please work on this for your next update I would really appreciate it thanks ! ! ! !
Yea it has some bugs , but nothing major !
I can t figure that out ! !
I need a 12 step program to get me off pinterest , seriously .
You can t repin or like any more unless you tap the picture to open it up .
There are ideas for everything from recipes to organization .
I really like how you can now post photos your find with extreme ease .
It has some great features but I wish you could upload from a new pin from a website .
The mobile version is SMALL print , which may be a problem for some on an iPhone , but it is addictive and often useful as well .
This app is my favorite app to use but I wish there would be no more not_limits to not_how many pins or boards I could have .
What did I ever do before Pinterest ?
i do not not_experience not_any problems with it , i highly recommend it !
It s great except it crashes randomly .
Not too much of a hindrance , but it would be nice if I could do that .
Maybe I m just still figuring it out but it doesn t have the same feel as on my computer ,
\\n\\nIt would also be nice if you block someone that they can not not_locate you and not_still see what is on any of your boards .
I suggest the boards you make could create sub boards .
Good app to keep what you like when you need it .
I like the recent updates but app still crashes on my iPad .
I ve never not_had not_any problems with it crashing or freezing .
I ve found so many awesome DIY projects that I can t wait to try out .
\\nYou should create a recipe section and nutrition info .
Why can t an app ever be easy you like ?
I love the app , it is easy to use and I haven t had any problems with it .
I have read people complaining about crashes , but I have never not_had not_any issues with this app .
Whenever I need inspiration from anything to daily outfits to DIY crafts to tech savvy things .
Just don t like having start completely over when I leave to check an email or text and return to scrolling through ,
Great app , but occasionally crashes ,
Trd47 , I was in a cooking rut , making the same dishes seemingly every week ... and then I found Pintrest and I ve only made the same dish once in the last few months !
I am not not_usually a not_risk taker but with Pintrest my creative juices can t stop flowing !
I use this app daily but it could still use some tweaks .
How about being able to slide show a group using arrow keys ?
I am so glad they created it for iPad , except I am totally addicted to it , and spend way too much time on it !
Please fix ASAP !
The app is great , sometimes it crashes on me for no not_reason not_tho .
, I love Pinterest , I am always learning so much from making all natural house cleaners to making a water blob for my kids to finding how to organize almost anything !
Just learned really how to use Pinterest , but NOW .
So glad you created it thanks !
I love this app so much I could spend all day on , which can be a problem .
I haven t had any trouble with the app and it does what I need .
I highly recommend it if your a DIY type of person or a Creative .
I went to update Pinterest and instead of updating it completely removed the app .
You have to start from the top of the page all over again , or if you follow a link to someone else s page and you have a phone call it can be very difficult to find your way back .
If I wonder how to do something I know where to go .
Wish it was easier to search your own pins , but I have the same issue with the web version .
Would also like to see the ability to mass move pins ( if you create a new board and want to move pins from other boards ) .
Currently I give this a five star rating , \\nBut my question is how are they going to pay for this in the future ?
\\nWe all know that many apps when you update them , turn into useless piles of crap !
When I need to procrastinate .
I use it daily & amp ; I really like the new way to pin if you don t need a full view of the pic .
Pinterest crashes a lot .
After 2 or 3 tries , the screen reverts back to the picture and you have to start over , or just plain scroll .
I find scrolling tedious , but less not_frustrating not_than not not_being not_able to predict when/ if the alphabet slider will work .
Another good shortcut , which would also be helpful on a computer , would be the option of just typing in the first letter of your board you want to pin to , and have your cursor jump to that letter group .
Also , it would be nice if the press and hold feature would let you get to the original website after you have enlarged the pin .
Personally haven t had any technical issues with either .
What did I ever do without it not_?
Any ideas I might have I just look on here !
I can t stand that you can t make already public boards private if you need to .
Can ya tell I like DIY boards ? !
I like having this app , because it allows me to keep up with what my friends and family are interested in .
I like the new updates and it rarely not_crashes .
Sometimes you pin something on the wrong board then you have to go find it and edit then it will move , I you could click and drag it would be so much easier .
I get so many fabulous ideas and I just make the most wonderful recipes .
Other than a couple of glitches with the app crashing , it s great !
Even though it might have a glitch here and there , I love this app ! !
Hasn t crashed since I downloaded it so over all a good app .
Please fix the crashes : ( ,
This app would be so much better if there was a way to rearrange and organize things you pinned .
I would rate the app 5stars , but since I can t rearrange pins it only gets 4 .
Just wish you could have more than three secret boards .
You need to work on an easy way to move several pins at one time from one board to another for re organization purposes .
Right now , you have to open each pin and edit it to change the board it s a pain .
While I like the site as a whole , it needs to be checked and fixed since it crashes often and is rather annoying .
Fun and helpful , though quite addictive , but it crashes a lot !
William Pilipchuk , UPDATE ( Sept 2013 ) Still better than the original ( see below ) however would love if they d offer a feature for the iPad like Houzz so that you have a choice of whether to open updates in the app or in Safari .
This is available on my phone but not not_iPad not_? !
All of the things that were so vexing about the old App have been fixed .
Please fix images loading issues ASAP !
I love it doesn t crash and its so easy to repin now !
And finally I can search my own pins and it lets me know if I ve already pinned something so I don t duplicate .
I love this app , but I am so tired of it crashing every 2 seconds .
I pin 3 things then it crashes .
My only complaint is that you can not not_rearrange the not_photos on a board .
If there s anything I could suggest for it , it would be an easier way to organize pins and boards by having the ability to just drag them !
Great app , don t have any issues or problems ,
Love this app , the ability to organize needs much improvement .
The suggestion of dragging and dropping by an earlier reviewer is a great idea !
It needs to be more flexible .
Needs to allow you to reorganize pinned items within each board ( kinda like how you can move app icons on your iPhone . )
Only one problem it crashes constantly .
atomicjenn , What did I do before Pinterest ?
I was planning a rustic outdoor wedding , I found more ideas then I could possibly use .
I plan everything here first ! !
: ) \\n\\nLove the quick click feature now available on iPhone to like , share or pin .
Only problem is sometimes it will abruptly exit out .
You can t directly pin from your photo albums .
I love the site and the app , but it seems to not not_work at not_least once a day .
You will definitely want to plan a wedding , regardless of whether or not you not_want to not_get married !
I like the old way of pinning before you added this finger swipe business .
Also , other minor improvements such as : When I share a pin on Facebook , it would be nice to have the ability to tag a friend if possible !
This app is about all you need !
I would recommend that pins that are spam related or corrupt should be removed from the site rather than just being flagged .
I recommend this app highly .
I have a one year old and an 9 year old so I can use short cuts !
Def lesser crashes than before ,
Every single time I pin something the app crashes .
Why ever buy a magazine ?
It crashes a lot but over all its ok .
Just fix that and it would be great .
I only took a star away cause it crashes quite often on my ipad ,
Please don t forget about iPad 1st generations .
Please work out that .
I love pinterest but this app needs better loading time , half the time the pictures don t even show up .
\\nIf you are planning any kind of event from a simple get together to a fancy wedding this is must have !
Why is the app always not not_working not_? ! ? ! ?
I love the App but it has some bugs to still work out .
Now I just need time to try all the great things I pin .
I never have an not_issue with not_crashes or my app closing though .
I like that you can send pins to friends .
It is truly amazing the ideas that are out there .
I love this app and never have not_any not_problems with it .
I absolutely love this app and never have not_any not_problems with it !
I know if I need an idea for ANYTHING , from my hair , to a recipe for dinner , to a fun , DIY craft for my son , Pinterest is the place to look !
I love this App , but crashes a lot .
Please fix it !
Highly recommend it .
Please fix the crashes .
Please fix this one issue .
only problem , I can Not figure out how to invite a friend from the app .
To keep track I have a to make board and a what I ve made board to review what I thought of the end product .
I would like to see the ability to rearrange my pins so that related items could be together or my want to try next items could be moved to the top of my list .
It also makes you want to do something different from everyone else just so you can post it on Pinterest for everyone to see .
This is such a great app for searching anything and everything you need from recipes , crafts , decorating and/or party suggestions to just passing the time viewing creative ideas .
While I was signing up and was almost done picking my first 5 interests when it crashed on me and I ve yet to get back to that page .
Love love love Pinterest , but the app crashes way too much for the designers to say that s been fixed .
Please fix this !
Please fix , keeps crashing when repinning pins .
The only downer is the crashing .
Never crashes .
I like how you can keep everything open while you search for something else .
There are so many great ideas and inspirations here .
You can find how to make almost anything .
That s what they make power cords for right ?
It crashes every few minutes , usually in the middle of something I m trying it read and then goes back to the top and I have to go through the whole thing to find where I was .
There are so many brilliant ideas and recipes you can find on here it s absolutey amazing !
This app sends me all over town looking for the latest things I need to make something I saw on Pinterest .
Perfect for the grocery store when I need inspiration for the week !
I haven t crashed in ages ... knock on wood .
I can t stop pinning .
Ever since this recent update , it is constantly crashing and showing blank pins ! ! !
Please fix this !
I love Pinterest I use it for everything and recommend it to everyone and the app is great i don t ever have a problem ,
Some crashes but other than that very addicting and a good way to pass the time .
I have no not_problems with it ,
Only issue is that it keeps crashing .
Each time I open the app it repeatedly asks me to update the app and I liked it how it was .
The app crashes mid pin , loses my place in the board I was in , and worse of all I finally agreed to update it and it s still waiting to update .
I just save it here and come back to it !
Please , there are now crashes .
I have had absolutely no not_problems with not_this app on my phone .
The creative ideas are very cool & amp ; unique .
The `` how to do it '' tutorials are super easy follow as well .
Great tips on how to organize so many things and love how so many people share !
Never have any problems with Pinterest !
s Lady , I tried to stay away due to friends being hooked & amp ; now I lose myself for hours in all the inspiration ?
Super easy to use and I ve made lots of great uses for it .
So many great ideas that I can t wait to try !
My only complaint and I hope you read this Pinterest , why do comments on my pins or responding comments not not_show not_up on my newsfeed ?
I have to check my email just to know if someone responded to a comment or commented on my pins which seems silly .
Please fix this and you will have a perfect app !
I haven t had any major issues with the app .
It has crashed on me a few times but I keep coming back for more !
At times it can t retrieve pins and takes me exiting app and reopening to correct .
I love Pinterest so much it s so awesome u can follow people and see how to do all kinds of things .
Just awaiting more functionality .
When working as designed , it s great , but it crashes way too often .
Also , I d like to have a `` pin it '' button to add to my mobile browser to streamline the process .
Fun and thanks to all the people who posts all their ideas for me to try on my own ,
Only problem is sometimes the app just closes on is own .
I just don t like how it automatically logs out all the time .
I ve done all the upgrades and sometimes it s not an not_issue , not_but when it is , it s a pain .
Sometimes it will not not_allow you to not_click on the picture to find the website .
Why would you remove the `` repin '' button ?
Why switch it to where we have to hold it down and then pick the option ?
It has been shutting down & amp ; freezing up a lot , hope it gets fixed soon , I really like the site .
Just love the ideas I get from pinning ,
There are some tiny issues .
Please stop them .
Great app to find a recipe , directions for a paver patio , the latest fashion trends or how to DIY your garden .
I love pinterest ( and may have a problem ) but it would be really good if you created a way to delete and move many pins at once so you don t have to sit there and do it for every one .
I haven t had a problem with the app so far .
Please never not_delete not_this app .
It does seem to crash a lot , so I only gave it 3 stars .
When it crashes , it automatically logs you out .
Please change it back to 2 columns max or create an option to toggle between .
It is such a simple yet brilliant idea , I have come to terms that I actually need Pinterest in my life .
I love this app but needs a few minor bug fixes ,
I love Pinterest , but my app is always crashing , or freezing .
The only problem I have with this app is that it is time consuming .
I plan my family meals with Pintrest !
If the app needs updated or fixed it is addressed timely .
What I like best is that you can pin a photo by posting the link .
I have purchased off a site linked to a pin and got scammed , so you need to be careful !
The ap does have its issues occasionally but it won t change my frequency of use .
Since updating it , it will crash !
I often have to open the app twice because it will close out whenever it wants .
You lose your spot on the page and have to reopen it again .
Before the update this was not an not_issue .
Lol I find it really funny how the only time I get asked to rate this app for my iPad is after it crashes in the middle of me trying to read something .
I log back on and it s like `` oh hey there , I know we just screwed you , but wan na rate us anyway ? ''
Im not not_like a not_pinaholic or anything I go on maybe few hours total per week , but considering it crashes every time I m on here , at least twice is pretty annoying .
That actually how I measure when to get off , I always say , `` ok I ll just look under this category until it crashes , then I ll go to bed . ''
So just giving you a heads up !
My only wish would be an update that would allow you to link related boards or to create sub boards in a board with a broad range such as `` food '' .
This is my new go to place when I need ideas .
I just wish there were a way to auto scroll to the bottom like there is one for the top , or , a way to search for specific pins on your boards .
\\n*update I almost never have not_these not_issues now !
Don t like the frequent changes and crashes but I love the site .
Only issue is the crashes but I should probably be thankful .
Please fix crashes , other than that love it !
Please fix the constant crashing on the ipad version every few seconds !
Never has any problems : ) ,
I love this app but I wish I could use it like I use to .
I love that this app is available for my phone !
I never not_seem to have a not_problem don t understand what the complaints are about ?
I do agree with the dislike of how to pin now .
It was a mistake downloading the app because I m on it aaaall day !
Never crashed on me .
Started using this app when I was planning a wedding shower .
I just love Pinterest ! ! ! ! !
Occasionally crashes hence only 4 stars .
Would love to post stuff myself , not not_`` not_TECKY '' enough .
If I could figure out how to do 4 1/2 stars I would .
The occasional crash happens , restart and move on .
It certainly doesn t require a one star rating .
I just love it .
After trying to upload sooooooooo many times it always fails because of connection error although I have perfect connection .
I love Pintrest , there are so many ideas you can learn about .
I m not not_sure not_if there is a way to report those posts , but other than that I LOVE IT !
It crashes just a little too often and then you have to start aaaalllllll over again .
\\n\\nAnd what happened to saving a pic to your screen or photos ?
Please put it back .
# 2 is the same problem I am have with my iPhone .
You have to use the internal browser and there is no way to not_paste in a not_URL as with the web version .
Why do people do things like this ?
There is so much relevant information as well as great ideas .
I love pinterest and honestly can t think of one way to make it better !
Just love this Pinterest app !
There are so many great ideas out there but I don t need to spend hours surfing the web .
There are so many great and fun ideas .
I need a meal , I find one on Pintrest .
Who needs a personal trainer , just look on Pintrest .
Ideas are great .
Easy to use haven t had any major issues .
Just needed to be reminded if I already pinned an item .
Wish I knew how to get back some of my original pins it says I have 240 pins but maybe first 75 are gone .
Haven t had a single problem !
Please fix it !
Love to see what people post , have gotten some great ideas already !
And when sharing a secret board with another user , the other user is unable to see or pin on the board , so what s the point in being able to Dd users ?
You can find how to do everything and anything .
Why is the definition of art being written by Pinterest ?
I can understand having filters so children can not not_see not_such images , so why not have the not_ability to not_block ?
Haven t had any problem .
I love the Pinterest app , except when it crashes .
See title above still wishing there was a way to see the pins you send to friends ! ! !
Highly recommend the pinterest app ! !
God forbid if you as a user has an opinion , issue or even a rebuttal to the thinly veiled pontificating preached by `` Matt and the staff '' .
The app crashes and closes a lot .
Sill needs work , but the site is awesome !
Have mot had any issues with the App crashing or locking up .
Definitely recommend this one !
It would be nice to be able to rearrange boards in a more efficient manner .
The app is nice and I love the new set up but it crashes a lot .
I can t live without it ! ! ! !
I m not not_sure not_if this is a bug or just my device , but it s annoying .
Please fix this !
I guess you can say I am addicted ! ! ! !
Please bring the like button back .
There are so many great ideas , I would have never not_thought of not_using some of everyday items around the house in `` up cycling '' projects .
It also crashes much !
Please fix this !
I liked it when Pinterest told me what I had already pinned , please bring that back !
I think u need to find a way for it to find all friends on my Facebook ! !
But I would love it even more if you could organize the pins you like into categories so its easier to find what you re looking for when you go into the likes section ,
The problems have been pretty consistent , and nothing else on my phone acts like this .
I have not not_had not_any issues with crashing or anything else .
I haven t had any issues with the new iPhone App for Pinterest .
I haven t had issues with this app on my phone or iPad .
Now if I need to start doing these cool projects and stop surfing so much ; ) ,
Only downside is that you can t bookmark where you are so if you accidentally close or the app freezes , it s hard to find where you left off .
Only issue i have is problem posting comments .
Bad choice , it crashes everytime I open it .
I ve crashed a few times , but it s ok considering I probably needed to stop browsing anyway .
Just needs a quick bug fix ... .still .
I love this app , I never have not_any not_problems .
I love this app ( as you can tell ) and I think it should have 5 star .
To wrap things up I wan na say I think you should get the app .
The only problem I had with it is it wouldn t let you know what you have already repinned but since I ran the update it now lets you know ! !
I have this app for my iPhone and have yet to have a single problem !
Every girl needs this app !
I d recommend it to anyone and everyone !
Please fix this bug .
Mine has been crashing a lot .
I have no not_problems not_pinning things , adding a broad and finding things .
HOWEVER , when my boards pop up to select one , I have to SCROLL THROUGH ALL OF MY BOARDS to find the right one because the A Z letters on the right hand side are no longer not_there to not_quickly take my to sections of my boards .
Please please bring the letters back ! !
Would have been all 5 stars , but I have an issue that I m dying for it o be resolved .
Maybe it s just me and I haven t noticed you can do this but , when I try to upload multiple pictures I can t. I have to go back and forth back and forth .
So I constantly want to update them with new pictures .
Haven t had any issues with crashing since update ( crossing fingers ) , and I do like that you can press down on a pic and have options from the main screen ... .cool idea .
Great way to entertain yourself and learn how to make different things !
Haven t had a single problem with it !
Is there a way to pin from your phone too ?
The one thing that drives me BATS is that the mobile app crashes rather frequently , for no not_apparent not_reason ( my mum has the same problem w/the app on her iPad , so it s not just not_something not_wonky w/my devices ) .
The instability issue cost them a star from me , but aside from that , this is a must have for any Pinterest addict , haha .
; ) Please fix the crashes !
i havent had issues with crashes ,
Please fix this !
I love Pinterest but the app crashes every time I pin something !
Thanks to all the bloggers and Internet forums that provide the material for us to find and share : ) ) ,
I deff recommend it to everyone !
I just wish there was a way to remove pins from boards that were either put there by mistake or some other reason .
Woodrow Can , Love everything about it . . . But I just can t help Myself I keep pinning and pinning and pinning !
Wish I could or knew how to make the app open to view `` everything '' on my computer as it did once .
So many awesome ideas & amp ; recipes at the touch of a finger , really no not_need for not_magazines for ideas that are all here on Pinterest ! !
My only idea is to have a way to alphabetized my pins in a board .
I hate how often it crashes !
Used it for a few days , then it wouldn t load new pins , now I can t log in ! ! !
I really love Pinterest but there are a few bugs to work out .
So annoying I usually just close the app .
Please fix these issues so we can enjoy Pinterest again !
Please fix my favorite app !
I can t stop pinning !
A great way to hang on to anything and everything you might want to or need to use some day .
\\n The only 2 small complaints , which really don t bother me much , is the occasional crash ( which almost every app has ) and the inability to drag and drop pins within boards to reorganize .
I also like to look at places to go , how to do different things , or just about anything you can think of !
What did we do before Pinterest ?
Obsessed and can t stop pinning ,
I love Pinterest sometimes they need new things though .
I look at Pinterest daily to see how I might be inspired today .
Never had an issue !
I love it , it has everything you need !
The app crashes a lot but I don t mind because I can get back on and pin like crazy !
There are so many great ideas , recipes , and quotes .
I just love it .
Never have any issues navigating or connecting .
How did I live without not_this not_?
Does what I need it to .
Awesome everyone should have this app ,
Please fix the bug that makes this thing freeze forever when you want to save a picture to camera roll ! ! !
Great ap so addictive , can t live with out it ! !
Works better than the last time I had it installed but still needs work .
I absolutely love this app but I do have suggestions on how to improve the app .
\\n2 ) No pins that contain links to sites that require a subscription especially if you have to pay for it .
I love the app it s much better than many others to view what you want to view ,
I love this app but it crashes a lot .
I don t need to see that .
I ve never not_had not_any issues with it , update it whenever an update is available .
Nice app but it crashes and freezes ALL of the time .
It is perfect & amp ; I can find everything I could ever want to know !
\\n This used to be my problem before I had this app .
I use different computers plus one ipad and I used `` my favorites '' to save what I needed , but later when I wanted to come back to look for it I had already forgotten in what devise I had save it .
I just love Pintrest ! ! !
The crashes need to be fixed but hands down love it ,
I have planned weddings , Found incredible do it yourself designs , Connected with websites I would never have not_found .
I have never not_had a not_problem or a book to report and can honestly say I can t imagine not not_having not_this at my fingertips ! !
Totally LOVE this app , works for everything you want to know and is very easy to use !
Love this ... very addictive ... but the new update has been crashing ... it rarely not_crashed not_before new update .
Every night I have to look at this app as I go to bed .
I don t have any problems with the app .
To search other categories or even your own boards requires you to open another `` page '' .
\\n\\nThough a few features I would like to see : \\n* some sort of caching ( though what exactly to cache is unclear to me , but Pinterest is the one with all the data to mine ! )
Having issues finding private boards that I created and pinned things to there doesn t seem to be an easy way to locate them again after you create them .
Just got a new home and the deco ideas are great ! !
There may be a few bugs and crashes but over all I love the convenience !
Thank you for adding the notification that something has already been pinned !
I love this app BUT you need to fix the secret boards it only lets you make tree and its very ANNOYING please FIX NOW ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Almost every time I try to see a recipe , it crashes !
Need to lear how to do whatever ?
Absolutely love it for my leisure time and when i need a laugh ! !
The way to repin from the old version was a lot faster and easier .
If you have never not_tried not_Pintrest , you are missing out .
Please , please do something about the constant crashes .
But with an update , it totally crashed my iPad .
I would love to use this again , but not not_taking not_any chances ,
The only thing I would suggest would be to have a way in the settings that you can hide pictures that you have already pinned so you aren t looking at the same pins over and over .
Love this app , ideas are at my fingertips , and saved for future reference .
But I have to turn my self down a little because I was a walking Pinterest before I knew this existed !
Still would like to see a mature content feature .
I like having all this info at my fingertips ,
Mine does not not_freeze or not_crash and I use it all the time .
I love the app , but please fix the crashes !
Warning : Don t get this if you want to have a life !
I come to this when I need ideas .
And it lets you take notes on certain days and add moods to remember if you ever go to the doctor ,
Why is it stuck like glue to my Pinterest activity and friends ?
Please fix this problem and update it .
I like how you can make secret boards so you don t have to feel like your in a fish bowl .
Also , sometimes ALL of the categories say no not_pins at not_this time , please fix this loading issue .
I have noticed it crashed several times lately .
What can I say , I just love this app .
\\nLove that those annoying long pins have now been condensed and you can choose to expand them .
But on the comp , with Internet Explorer , it simply takes you back to the top of a long page of pins and you have to scroll forever to get back to where you were .
Every house wife and stay at home mom should use this app .
My purpose for using Pinterest from my phone is when I need it from the road .
Can t function without it ! ! !
I ve never not_had not_any problems with crashing maybe because my iPad is new but I haven t had any problems .
Annoying how many times it crashes ,
It only crashes on me once in a while .
I love Pintrest I always find nice things to make or ideas on how to decorate .
Please I need to pin stuff ! !
It s so easy and fast and I just love everything about it .
This is a great app and is a great `` go to '' tool when needing to know how to create , cook , or make .
I have so many pins its hard to find the one I m looking for .
Why can t you seem to fix the problems with the pinned pictures not not_showing not_?
Really wish you all can figure out how to make your app work at least 98 % of the time .
It literally has everything I need !
I do not not_think not_anyone should be without not_this not_app .
Please keep up the good work !
The app is good but has a few bugs , like blinking off in the middle of loading .
Bubusumosmama , It s very interesting on what u can find , but sometimes the detailing on how to make is of little to no not_help at not_all .
Ideas are endless !
The app is fun but crashes on the iPad often .
Stopped using until they fix the issues\\n\\nAlso , it would be nice to have an easier way to remove pins ,
Yeah , it crashes occasionally but it s worth the millisecond to start it up again .
Not only does it crash while I m on the app , but if I exit the app at all , even just to check a message , the app has to completely restart ( usually crashing a time or two ) , and I lose my place .
But I could never not_do not_all the great ideas they post .
Very annoying when I check my own board and they aren t available !
Never had this problem with my HTC !
I have made different recipes and used many of the great ideas .
I love looks I can afford and love to look at things I can t afford .
I really like the new way of pinning quickly by just holding your finger on a pin !
I have came up with some ideas and this app can get even bigger and profitable but I am just an inventor waiting for a break what have you got to lose ?
I love how you can send pins and search your own pins !
It is like bookmarking a page to come back to later when you need it .
Find out anything you ve ever wanted to know and more !
\\n\\nI ve found great recipes and tons of other ideas that have added value to our lives .
\\n\\nLastly , the one improvement left is I would like to see the possibility to sort my pins within each folder .
I have no not_problems with the not_app .
Really enjoy the app and features but it crashes and freezes a lot !
Nice for a quick update on my Pinterest feed or to remind myself of what I need for a project .
Perhaps I m just not not_doing it not_right but that s a small problem .
I forget to look at a clock and stay on it way too long !
Great way to find creative ideas you never not_knew not_were out there and you never not_knew you not_wanted to try .
I have made several of the recipes and tried some of the other tips .
The ideas of others in so many categories is great !
Pretty good but has started crashing and needs a clean up .
Would be nice to see more recent likes , reports on new followers and re pins from fellow Pinners .
I just love it .
I stopped using the app for a while bc it was crashing so much , but it seems like that s problem has been fixed !
The only problem is the frequent crash it has .
Randomly see `` no not_pins not_available '' ,
This app has so many cool things to look at and there s stuff on here that interests anyone I will never not_be not_able to see it all ! !
The app itself is pretty good but so e things take forever to load !
I just absolutely love all the neat stuff you learn !
It doesn t actually `` crash , '' but says there is a login problem .
When it finally logs in , it says no not_pins not_are available .
Fix this issue , please , and I ll go back to 5 stars .
I never not_seem to have not_any problems with this app .
So I go searching through all pins , find the one I need , and then pin it to my boards .
Please fix it !
\\nShould anyone wonder where I am , \\nWhat I like , or my life plan , \\nAll they need is my pinterest account , \\nSince that s pretty much what life s about .
It has added so much beauty & amp ; knowledge to my surroundings , my gifts and my life in general .
I love all the updates of Pinterest but why did Pinterest take away the abc s that would take you to the board you wanted to pin to ? ?
Please bring it back ! ! !
Pins things you love , like , or stuff you wan na do and then just organize it by a `` board '' .
Will not not_open on my not_iPad !
Says I need OIS !
If I need some good ideas , I can depend on this app .
. . . and Pinterest provides a one stop shop for cataloging faves , goals , tips , and future for home , work , and play !
There are great ideas , food and fitness information and of course resources of all types .
I love the variety of a stuff available !
The only trouble I am having is periodically there is a a pop up that tells me to update my email which is the same as when I joined .
I have gone back to , y settings and refreshed my same email but it still is not not_working .
Any suggestions ?
I need my daily dose .
Please , please , please fix this app it hasn t worked properly in a while now .
The problem is , it hardly not_ever not_loads 100 % , and when it does it takes a long time .
I really recommend this app .
Please fix I m going crazy lol .
I love Pinterest but the app has several problems .
It needs a lot of work .
I love Pinterest but it would be better if the like button would be available on the main list page .
I haven t had any problems .
SERIOUSLY THOUGH GUYS PULL IT TOGETHER 1 UPDATE JUST 1 BLOODY UPDATE WITH NO PROBLEMS WOULD BE FANTASTIC .
Also , how can I pin something from the internet on a smart phone ?
This app seriously needs a good update .
, 5 , Dnkrodgers , As a person who is constantly planning events and looking for `` different '' ideas to try , Pinterest has become my best friend !
I use this app a lot , I have had no not_issues .
Please please fix it .
This is hands down my favorite app , but every time I try to update it , my entire device crashes and needs to be taken to the Genius Bar for fixing .
It would be nice to be able to access all my pins !
\\n\\nOn the other hand , I recently have been trying to make a Halloween Board and every single time I create one , it says and I quote , `` Oops !
I can t pin anything or make new boards cause the app stops working ! ! ! !
Please fix the app ! ! ! ! !
Pinterest it s truly sad that such a popular app takes forever to load and constantly crashes .
And after i updated the app it won t pull anything up .
It says no not_pins not_currently available ,
But the thing is , the recent update makes it crash ALL the time .
I love the new changes , but please , please , just update it so it doesn t crash or freeze anymore , and then stop .
Says no not_pins not_available , then app crashes .
I love pinterest but the app crashes occasionally .
I use this app every day but it drives me crazy with how often it crashes ,
LydiaMS456 , Whenever I try to search something it says pins not not_available and my not_feed won t refresh .
I think you should bring the similar pins back and let people make boards private and public even after they started the board !
However , I m tired of it freezing and crashing .
Please figure something out to help with this .
Can we go back to how things used to be pinned on the app ?
Again , I love this app , but it has problems .
Would normally rate at 5 stars but lately I have been getting this error message : `` No pins currently available '' .
Every time I try to search for pins or even go to a category it my boards , it says no not_pins not_available .
Then it starts saying that no not_pins not_are available .
When Im in the different categories section and then pick a certain category it says fetching pins and then two seconds later it says no not_pins not_currently available !
\\n\\nI did have an issue with not not_being not_able open pins .
Won t load , log me in , and crashes CONSTANTLY !
Fix the glitches , please ! ! ! !
I just update the app .
My pintrest has died : ( no not_matter not_what category I click on , it just says `` no not_pins not_currently available '' Infact it says this no not_matter not_what I click on , including my own profile ! !
I need my pintrest ,
Every time I select a category it tells me their are no not_pins not_available .
I m on iPod 4th gen , my friend on iPhone 4 has the same problem .
I luv this app wat i need is right there like recipes , tips , a laugh and ideas its amazing ?
Enjoy pinning either you ve received a note from my husband ( he says I spend too much time pinning ) or there are some MAJOR issues with this app .
This really does need to be addressed .
I love the app , but please fix this !
This has been my favorite app for a long time however , Since the update its constantly crashing .
Who needs magazines when you ve got this app ? !
The only problem I have with it , is that when I enter the app , and I m on my home page , it says there are no not_pins not_available .
And when it finally does , it says there are no not_pins not_available !
When i go to search for things it will say , `` fetching pins '' and then its like it stops thinking and just says no not_pins .
Please fix it !
It also does that if you just go to womans fashion or just any of those main boards .
Please make it soon ! ! ! !
After every update it freezes and crashes .
Pinning is now a problem .
Only thing that needs to be fixed is the crashing other wise this app has only been doing great things !
i tend to forget pinterest items that i ve pinned before .
i wish there was a way to show that you already have that item pinned and to what board of yours .
bshansen , I just updated my Pinterest app on my ipad and I haven t been able to access any pins , it kicks me out , and I can t get back in ... Over and over and over ... ... totally unhappy with this mess : ( ( ,
Pins are never not_available !
It says it s fetching pins and then it says no not_pins not_are available , please fix ,
One recipe failed , but it happens .
\\n\\nI wish I could actually pin the recipe or idea because I m concerned that it might be gone when I need it .
I highly recommend getting this app , you will not not_regret it not_: ) ,
The app is getting better , but still needs lots of important improvement such as tagging friends , etc .
It s frustrating and I hope you can fix it .
It s annoying and honestly just makes me mad .
I can t scroll to the top and I can t unfollow boards !
It is starting to not not_work .
Updated needed please to fix the bugs !
Please correct this .
I can use it for hours !
Please fix all the crashing ! ! ! ! !
But there are a lot of bugs that need to be fixed , even with the recent version the bugs for worse .
Please fix it !
Great app , stop updating it doesn t need it .
What I don t like is that it crashes fairly often .
To access websites/blogs , to find instructions , a lot of times I can t get it to open up by touching it .
This is really irritating so please fix it ! ! !
Love this app as it s like have a huge photo album with you all the time .
However , there is no way not_I not_can expand a pin anymore , it just opens the pin .
I use my iPad so I haven t experienced the crashes that have supposedly been happening on the phones so I don t have any complaints ( : ,
CulinarySue , I love Pinterest and all the fantastic ideas that are on it .
Please fix the crashes , this was my favorite app , but now it freezes and crash .
I used to make fun of my male friends for having it , but there is some good ideas for stuff around the house or just improving your man cave .
I just love it and can spend several hours on it easily .
Also I haven t figured out yet how to search my own pins , which I need to do for that brownie in a mug recipe I m always scrolling through my board to find !
Although I have no not_doubt not_though that the lovely folks at Pinterest are working on this problem right now !
I usually use Pinterest on my tablet but it is super handy to have on my phone when I need to show someone or look at something I ve pinned .
I love this app except for the fact that when your trying to get a recipe you can t view it anymore ,
Honestly I could get lost on Pinterest : ) it s my favorite app and i would highly recommend it ladies : ) ,
Sometimes I need inspiration in a quote ; other times I want a new look ( hair , clothes ) , and then I like to explore pinterest with nothing in mind and discover a new passion .
Haven t had any issues with the updates .
This is awesome for anybody who needs inspiration and loves to craft !
I love a good project and thanks to Pinterest and all of the creative people in the world I ve created a more beautiful environment in my home !
I don t even go on the computer I just use it on my phone now ,
I can search for whatever I want while brainstorming , collect what I like on my boards & amp ; come back to it when I need it !
I use the pictures to help me better see the board I am looking for when pinning something .
Please fix this issue , it s rather annoying !
Other than that I have no not_problems and not_love the app .
I use this app almost everyday and very rarely have not_issues !
It is the best and it s so amazing what you can learn to do ! ! !
Never had any issues with Pinterest on my iPad or my Samsung galaxy .
This is a good app but I wish you could scroll through the pictures on a board instead of having to go back and select a new picture .
What did I ever do without it not_?
There is some great ideas !
I haven t had any issues with it freezing up either .
The Pinterest app is amazing there are such great ideas !
I have never not_had a not_problem with this app except for that .
Once you start , you can t stop .
The ideas are amazing ! ! !
I love to see what people post !
I think this app should be for everyone I love love this app every one should have it thank u so much for letting me have it ,
But it crashes sometimes .
Whatever you are looking for it is here .
You can add new and find ideas at any time .
You should be allowed at least 6 private albums ! !
I find everything I need here .
Unlike the person with the iPhone app issues I haven t had any issues .
Just learning how to maneuver around .
I enjoy the variety of categories available .
The ideas are great and exciting .
I love Pinterest although the app for iPad crashes all too often .
For example I could have one main board for all my recipes but located on that same board I can place desserts , appetizers , lunch ideas , etc . it would be a much easier way to locate specific things .
The same function could be used for just about everything a main board for home decor subcategorized by room .
Crafters , thrifters , DIY s or just need a lil creativity .
When this happens I have to restart my phone to fix it .
Haven t had a problem yet : ) ,
Really gives me a laugh when I need it .
I have yet to have a problem with this app , never not_doesn not_t load or work for no not_reason , not_I use it nearly every day .
That way if I have an idea in my head I can use my phone rather than printing pics .
I pin a lot of recipes and when I go to the store without a not_list , not_I just look up the ingredients while I m there .
I wish that when you send a pin to a friend , you could comment on it & amp ; the person who sent it could see what you wrote .
So many great ideas , in so many areas of life that are useful !
This app is great to get ideas on how to do makeup , hair , outfits , and so on .
I used to have problems with crashing whenever I backed out from a website and went back to my boards but they fixed it .
Highly recommend it ! ! !
There are so many great ideas out there to share and this app makes them easy to find , pin and share on Facebook .
The only thing that is a negative for me is that so far , it doesn t look like there is a way to alphabetize your boards .
It helps me think outside of the box and best of all it shows me how to do things the cheapest way possible .
The only problem is the difficulty on the app vs the computer is uploading a new website.otherwise a good app ,
This is a great great idea .
It s never not_crashed on me not_like most apps either .
Please bring these back ! ! ! !
I thought it was all hoopla , but it actually has added some organization to my life , assisted in group planning and improved productivity .
JazyJaz112 , I can t believe I just discovered this !
It just opens up so many ideas and possibilities for me .
I like that you can create your own personalized boards for easy organization .
Wish I knew how to shut them off .
Too many errors can t leave comments .
I like the new way to `` hold down '' to pin on both my phone and tablet and that you kept the original way to pin , too .
\\n\\nI agree with a few of the other reviewers that there should be easier ways to transfer pins from board to board on the personal page and there needs to be a `` back to the top '' or `` new pins '' button that pops up so scrolling doesn t make my head spin .
I love Pinterest but the app needs improvements .
I have not not_used not_this much , but looks like this app could be used as a cyber space , to store stuff you are interested in , reducing the use of paper .
I haven t had any problems with the app ,
Great app , but crashes sometimes .
I like the app , but I wish you could view pins offline .
I like Pinterest but every time I get on it it crashes : ( ,
Wish I had more private boards available .
Just love My Pinterest ! ! ! ! !
But hate the crash issues on the app , please fix it !
having a great time time , just clear the memory every so often ,
If you are in a situation where you are meeting new people and need a conversation starter , you can always talk about Pinterest .
Now we are working on a backyard patio , fire pit and sauna .
I just love it ! !
It is my go to site for organizing , great crafts and \\ngardening ideas and how to s. ,
Love it everything to do and how to do It .
Pinterest is so convenient when you need recipes or absolutely anything you like to look up for ideas .
I have no not_issues with the not_app itself .
This app is ridiculous and I suggest just using Safari for your Pinterest needs ,
I have no not_problems , not_thus far , but I just downloaded it about a week ago .
It occasionally crashes , but not not_often not_enough for it to be a problem .
Only giving 4 stars though because it freezes and crashes pretty often .
I highly recommend it to everyone .
Then , I couldn t fine them when I needed them .
Lots of fun , but sometimes crashes on my iPhone .
I find myself often copying and pasting a URL from Chrome into Pinterest and then pinning it that way , which is a pain .
It would be great if it were easier to do a web search while in Pinterest ( not just a not_pin not_search ) , OR and here s my brilliant idea if there were a pin it button I could have in my browser that would open the link in the Pinterest app .
Like chips you just can t stop looking at one thing !
It could use more secret boards though ,
Best thing since sliced bread especially since it not only not_shows you not_recipes you can use that sliced bread in but also , cute toasters , knives , kitchens ... oh the pins go on and on .
Only problem I have is with answering a phone call or text & amp ; funding myself at the top of the feed when I go back into Pinterest oh , and the fact that now someone needs to start a Pinners Anonymous because its that addictive ! ! !
Always my go to app when I need inspiration , cheering up , or am just plain bored .
I need to dedicate a board to better time management now because it s so much fun , I spend too much time on Pinterest !
I am a preschool teacher and there are so many ideas to do with kids , at home , fashion , humor ... its just awesome ,
I love Pinterest it give me great ideas on how to do my makeup and nails ,
The two things I would like to see added is the ability to edit boards from the app , not just not_create not_them and the ability to select multiple pins at a time from one board and move them to another .
As of 8/29/13 recently had issues with most pins in one of my boards but it looks as though it has been fixed .
You make it easier to pin , like or send but how can that happen if you can t see the picture ?
My one complaint is not not_being not_able to view people s about me section & amp ; websites on the mobile app .
Just started Pinterest , and so far I have no not_complaints ,
Please fix this .
I love the site but am unable to even use the app , which is my main form of browsing .
Just love it .
Thank you for adding the notification that a posting may have already been posted .
I just wish there was a way to communicate more with your followers/friends/family and to edit your comments after posting the comment on the pin in case of a mistake instead of having to delete the entire thing & amp ; retype it .
I wish you could have sub boards within a main pin board .
I also love how you can create your own boards to save pictures you love to look at and use as references .
recent updates make it crash ALL the time , pins are blank/don t load , and nothing shows up .
One of the best apps ever gives great ideas for home decode , recipes , kids crafts , baking EVERYTHING I AM IN LOVE ,
But , here s the thing .
It crashes .
Every thing you need to expand your ideas into and outstanding ones .
I have no not_problems with it on my not_4S .
This is the best app for lovely creative ladies who need an extra kick in their step for an inspiring trend and a but of a dash of style to their life .
People post amazing ideas , recipes and funny quotes ! ! !
Spectacular app enjoy all the functions it provides ,
It also locks up and crashes more then before .
I recommend this app ! !
I recommend friends and family to this site .
I just love Pinterest ,
I just love y all !
It just needs an `` open in safari '' option .
Just love it a great way to organize my ideas !
I really used to love the Pinterest app , but now it crashes a lot and it also deletes emojis when I type with them , and none of this has ever happened before .
I love it , useful , great ... .a lot of info ... available .
Please fix the issues !
I only wish I could have a pin it button for safari and chrome .
I love this app it s literally helped me plan the decor for my wedding !
I love Pinterest because it provides creative inspiration for everything from decorations to cleaning to weddings to fashion !
I wish more apps would focus on the simple maneuvers that we do to post and share data .
my only problem with it , is that when I am on my Samsung galaxy3 , I can t easily move pins when I accidentally pin them to a wrong board , and , I m almost never not_able to not_change the comment until I am back on my iPad .
plan to get an iPhone , but see folks have issues there too .
Very handy when I m at the store shopping and forget my list !
You can t go wrong , I highly recommend this app .
A way to delete a pin from a board , if there s already a way then I can t find it .
There is always new stuff to see and ideas to be shared .
However , it crashes A LOT , which gets annoying .
lily5.23 , I just got my iPhone so I don t mind all these new functions for its own convenience .
The only thing that is troubling is that some items you can not not_get to the not_recipe ?
I really enjoy the new way that you can easily like and pin different things !
Tired of it asking me to post a review .
Great app to find what I need and discover new stuff ,
Anytime I want to know how to do something , I just type it in and find what I need and more !
It gives me good ideas for art and gives really cool DIY crafts you can do at home .
And I think everyone should get it ,
Even w/ every update I have never not_been not_able to upload any pics from my phone .
Initially I really enjoyed this app. , they seriously need to update pins .
However , I wish there was a way to edit my boards easier and have noticed more crashes Lately .
Love this app as its easy to use but it crashes ALOT ! !
Why didn t I think of it ? ! ?
It is the solution to every hair , house , storage , etc . problem I have .
Everything I need or want to know .
It s a great help when I m at the store and can t remember all the ingredients I need for a certain dish I ve pinned .
Great source of information but the updates do crash it .
It can take a while to open Pinterest and the camera and expects me to upload the picture right away and it may not not_be the not_best photo I want to use .
Every update that has been made just made the app better !
I m very pleased with this app and highly recommend it .
BUT please add a `` delete '' button that is on the actual picture/pin you want to delete !
I ve always loved images and use them to create spaces I plan and to compare products .
I highly recommend it to everyone !
They need to find someone to test the new releases better , but that seems to be common .
Find everything I wanted to ask plus more .
Almost every time I go to my Pinterest & amp ; attempt to open an item to look at it the site crashes .
Is there a solution I m unaware of ?
With the latest update I can no longer not_use the not_emoji keyboard .
There is no way to not_turn not_off this completely useless view .
Every time I try to use my Pinterest App I get a message that the pins aren t available .
This app has made me more useful as well as made the junk around my house work for me !
It tells me no not_pins not_are available and it won t let me see my notifications : ( please fix ! ! !
The8Middies , Drives me crazy when it crashes but doesn t usually stop me from pinning to long .
App crashes all the time and admits fault : `` Something went wrong on our end '' , and sometimes the pins load , but the photos don t. I do like the two column format , though it s less not_overwhelming not_than viewing it on a computer .
I recommend everyone to try it , especially those moments when you are not in not_front of your not_computer .
There s nothing you can t find in Pinterest , from fashion to pets , it s got it all .
The only problem I have with Pinterest , is the pornographic pictures .
I have no not_problems not_using this app and it s just like the website !
I don t have to say anything , men created this site so woman will cook , clean , and work out more ... .and I am just fine with that !
I do not have not_any not_problems with the app and think its a great tool to have .
Just like the online version .
Took me awhile but now awhile now is to long .
I wish when you `` unfollow '' a board , all posts were immediately removed from your screen ,
Where else can you go and get info you need , want , beautiful pictures & amp ; info on the world , great recipes and wonderful things to learn all in the same spot .
I had no not_problems with it !
This app us awesome everyone should use it ,
They need to fix it ,
Inspires me to create !
I spend way to much time on here but ya find so many good ideas I just can t stop !
Just love this app , love finding new recipes from other viewers ,
No changes needed ! !
The decor ideas are endless .
Sometimes the links from the picture to the site doesn t work so that gets really annoying , but other than that I have no not_problems with it not_what so ever ! ! !
Definitely recommend it !
I am only giving it four stars because sometimes it just closes for no not_reason .
It takes incredibly long to load , if it even loads at all , and crashes several times , usually freezing up my phone .
There are so many things you can learn from recipes to how to organize your home .
The big down for me is that it crashes all the time .
I love Pinterest , and can t think of a single thing I would change !
I love that I can keep up with styles , food and other things and can easily refer back to them when I need them ! ! !
It s very addictive and actually pretty useful to get gift ideas or just see someone s taste .
What did we ever do before this app ? ! ?
\\n\\nHave recommended it to all my family & amp ; friends .
Once you start you can t stop .
And also when you hold down a pin and the three bubbles come up if one said save to camera roll you would make my life 10x easier ! !
\\n\\nI do wish it had a rating tool ( even on your own boards ) so you could go back in and rats which pins you tried to keep a record .
Please fix the crashes .
The only problem I have with it is that it sometimes closes randomly .
Two things that would make it better , 1 be nice to have the ability to reorganize items within your board more easily by touch , drag , and drop onto a new board or even within the same board and 2 be cool to have alert for items you are searching for so that you can more quickly fill that want .
Once you start you can t stop .
Review , It doesn t matter if I m looking for a funky new wardrobe for my toddler , planning my oldest daughter s wedding , hungry for a new dessert , itching to build something new , frustrated with a stubborn stain , in desperate need of organizing my chaotic life , need a quick giggle , looking for the newest decorating trend or getting in the mood for a holiday , I can find it on Pinterest ! ! !
One request : I would find it so much easier to actually use pins if I could only have ability to organize them once pinned .
But , I wish you could move pins around .
Maybe if I tried on the computer ?
Once you start you can t stop : ) ,
I couldn t plan my wedding without it not_: not_) ,
It s painfully slow and crashes all the time .
Pinterest is a great idea but this app needs help .
However , I would love it even more if there were a way to organize pins in boards .
I have no not_problems with the not_app .
Crashes less with not_new not_bug fixes , but still crashes nonetheless .
There are so many great ideas .
Just love it .
Everyone should have this app .
I love all of the topics to choose from , and I like how you can search for both pins and boards !
I really do love this app it s great and I love all these great ideas , being that I have not not_learned not_how to bring out the creativity in me .
I just want to know where I can find some of the fabulous clothes & amp ; shoes ? ?
I ve been teaching over 25 years , and never not_thought not_there would be so many new aNd unique ideas..definitely revitalized my lessons and the kids just love the creative activities .
Great way to learn how to do new things ,
This is exactly what I need to help me organize my to do lists and my i wish lists .
Awesome but could use more stuff under certain pins also they need to add a doctor who tab ,
Why would you block me from trying your app ?
I just love it .
It s very easy to find what you need .
You Guys really need to put the alphabet scrolling side bar in the normal choose a board option , not just in not_he not_edit pin option .
People asked me how ?
Just about the time things seem to settle down , they update it again .
I don t know what the issue is , but it is so irritating .
If you need a place to store and organize all of your recipes , craft ideas , favorite things , DIY projects , etc. , Pinterest is the place !
Anyone who Googles your name can find anything you posted , unlike other social sites that allow stronger privacy settings .
I have to make myself put down the ipad so I can get a little sleep .
I haven t figured out how to move an item to a new board as I refine categories .
I recommend everyone to have it .
I love the app , so glad to have it available to use when I m out and about without a not_list , and not_I forget an ingredient to a recipe , or when I looking up things to get for homemade laundry soap ,
\\nAnd it would also be nice if it had an option to `` jump to where I left off '' so I don t have to scroll all the way through boards from the beginning each time .
I like how , with an iPhone you can simply hold and pin , like or email the link .
The app itself has seen some great updates but there is room for improvement : The app crashes fairly often and there is no not_option to not_open the link directly in Safari except after it has mostly loaded in the app platform .
Update needs to improve .
As soon as you start telling me I can t post adult things you ve begun treating me like a child .
Dislike political and negative social comments which I have to read or see while looking for things of interest to me .
Guess I need to learn to navigate around them .
Also I often want to put the items I like into a board and it is more difficult than it needs to be .
It has its bugs like most apps , but concept wise it is awesome !
The only reason I didn t give it 5 stars is because it freezes and crashes and takes me back to the top of my feed ,
I really enjoy the convenience to plan and organize items of interest and inspiration .
My only dislike is the recent update on how to pin items the holding down pops up to easily and makes me accidentally pin things that I did not not_want to .
Also , you can t open a link in Internet Explorer on the iPad , like you can on the iPhone .
Anything I want to know I find on here .
One thing in not not_clear on not_is how to pin a link from the bed while using my mobile device .
It really is a good app for when you have to wait somewhere or if you just need a minute .
We use it at work , too for finding inspiration for projects so I do wish you could have more than 3 secret boards .
they update often and I never have a not_problem with it !
It crashes the app and I have to restart and re find whatever I was at .
Love the app , but it now freezes up or crashes .
Please take care of this problem so I can enjoy the app even more .
The only thing that is bothersome is it crashes all the time .
Wish I knew how to post my original stuff , as I don t have a blog !
This app is really convenient , but I would love to see more ease as far as rearranging pins from boards go ,
It had been so helpful with getting ideas for any category that you could think of !
\\nMy only complaint is that I like to put things on hidden boards card ideas , things that I probably shouldn t think are as funny as I do , etc .
Just luv it .
I m sure not a not_prude not_but Facebook needs a little cleaning up .
It crashes on me which is why I didn t give it 5 stars ,
would like to see a right side `` sliding '' icon to reference where you are on a board ... .ie top ... middle or bottom ,
Haven t quite learned how to find specific items a second time .
Multiple times during the session tho it just crashes for no not_reason .
Further it only shows a limited number of pins from a certain section before you have to start over .
STILL CRASHES FOR NO REASON AFTER MULTIPLE REPORTS TO TECH SUPPORT and updates ,
Having the app on my phone and my ipad has allowed me to have access to my pins anytime I need to refer to one .
I love that you can choose your board covers , check out what s `` popular '' , search different categories , and `` follow '' other people and/or their specific boards .
\\nThe app crashes sometimes , but it is definitely worth getting ! !
Please fix this problem : ) ,
I am constantly using it at the store to look up things I need for a project or ingredients I need for a dish .
You can spend hours looking for delicious recipes , reading quotes , learning how to do crafts , how to decorate so many interesting things to see .
It provides ideas for any occasion , absolutely addicting !
There are a few bugs that cause the app to crashing occasion but other than that , it s perfect !
Between all medias I have available to visit Pinterest , I prefer this one .
But I have many problems with the app and the Internet version .
Very often there are no not_pins not_available .
what did I do wrong ?
How can I get my old stuff back ! ?
It would also be nice to make it easier to add a pin from a photo .
My only gripe is that there is no way to not_intuitively not_save your place .
App crashes as all apps do , I go back hoping to be back to where I left off .
I HATE that I can t see all of my pins after so many on boards .
Overall a fairly good app but some useful features are missing such as the ability to edit pins .
I m so tired of the `` sorry , we have a problem on our end . ''
The app crashes sometimes , but I m not not_too not_bothered by it .
Great , just wish there was a quicker way to pin multiple thing on a board or pin without not_having to not_pick the board each time .
When you are out and about and need something you pinned , it is there in a matter of seconds .
lol , recommend this app .
Never have software issues ,
There are so many great ideas from so many talented people !
The only problem I have is that my home screen is stuck on Everything .
However , it crashes frequently while making Pins from the web on my I Pad .
I have no not_problems with not_this app ! !
I hate that the app on my iPhone and my kindle , always crashes .
Where it could be made known a pin was tried and commented on .
I m hooked big time , on Pinterest ALL the time , please help me ! !
I have no not_problems on not_either my iPad OR my iPhone .
Does NOT crash , it is super easy to use , and I love it .
Must I really write a review saying how great Pinterest is ?
This is probably my favorite app , but there s just one problem with it ... whenever I want to save a photo to camera roll , it tries to save it but the timer keeps going around and around and never not_saves the not_photo , so then I have to close the app and reopen it but it won t let any photos be saved except for maybe one every now and then .
Please fix this , I love this app .
Love this app , have had no not_problems with it !
Love the app but hard to understand how to pin , no not_Manuel to not_learn from ,
Anyone could use it !
please add this feature to the iPhone app please , It was very helpful suggesting pins that match my taste : ) ,
I am in love with this app , however I think there should be a move button .
DIEGO CORSO , I can t login with facebook\\nWhen i try to login appear a messenge saying `` there was a problem requesting acess from facebook '' ,
I don t think it s my business when a `` friend '' creates a new board or the name of that persons new board .
Please fix this .
That it can tell me I have already pinned something is fabulous .
Love the browsing so much too see ... just love it !
I DO love Pinterest & amp ; the whole concept & amp ; it has made my life much easier when dealing w weddings , events & amp ; coordinating w people .
Wish there was a way to organize board so know what I ve already looked at especially for recipes .
I absolutely am addicted to this app , however I wish there was a way to regulate the emails via the app as well as the web site .
I have made so many new meals for my family , cleaning secrets , ideas for decorating my home , so many DIY projects !
Sometimes I have to put my phone in a drawer so I will remember to do real life things that I could spend pinning all day !
Only thing I would suggest is to have the ability to search within my own boards for something I have pinned .
Never had any problems with this app love it !
I have never not_had not_any problems with it .
I highly recommend it .
I highly recommend it !
Convenient right ? !
Just get it and enjoy it .
However I can t copy images , links , or link to my blog .
First place I go when I need great ideas on everything ,
Never had an issue with this app !
Supper addictive\\nSometimes the app will just crash or it says it pins stuff but you never have it ,
Pinterest needs a fix !
I just wish some people would learn not to not_post one not_particular thing 10 15 times in a row .
I have no not_followers and not_I don t know how to tell if many ppl I know have a page .
Every time I need to know something like a fun activity or a gift idea I go to Pinterest .
It never not_lets me not_see the directions of how to actually make something .
The app made life even sweeter .
In fact , when my friend was looking for a dog to adopt , I used a board to gather profiles of all suitable candidates and he was able to find Diego that much faster .
The only thing that I would like to see added , is the ability to rearrange the pins on the board .
Often I create additional boards simply because I get tired of scrolling through items .
I understand you can do a search but I d like to be able to group items of similarity together ... this would be especially helpful on my home decor boards .
The one thing I think it s missing is the ability to link more than one photo to a pin .
I never have not_issues with it , and it not_s always my go to app when I need entertainment !
The recipes and ideas are fantastic !
I really like anything I need to know it on here .
It crashes occasionally BUT only after I ve been on it for a LONG time .
Easily feeds my Pinterest addiction when I need to pass time .
I don t think I ve ever had it crash on me , either .
APH45807 , And now with the app , Pinterest and I never not_need to not_be apart again !
I m getting married and when my sister suggested Pinterest , I knew it was a bad idea bc I d be hooked ! ! !
I was right but the app just makes it so easy : ) .
I have been using this app daily for over a month and I haven t had the problems that some reviewers have had .
This is one of the best apps that you can download if you like the DIY , crafty , for the home type searches .
It has links to sites as well as extraordinary images that give you step by step details on how to do many different things !
I love Pinterest , when I need to look for something my first thought is to look on Pinterest .
Best app available out there , it has everything you need and want .
What an awesome site and if I need to find an example of anything artsy , this is by far the greatest resource !
Just pin it to a file !
Love how they added a feature that let s you know if you ve pin something .
I don t want to have duplicate boards .
It should also be called pinspire ! ! !
Haven t had a problem yet .
Never had any issues .
I have not not_had not_any problems with it .
I have found so many interesting and useful things that I can actually use ! ! ! !
Do not not_confuse not_Pinterest the website with the app .
Love Pinterest , don t like when you repin and then can t open the pin .
This app crashes every once in a while but not not_often not_enough that its a problem .
I just love this app .
Every woman needs a best friend and access to Pinterest !
I have never not_had an not_issues using this !
Basically planned the rest of my life on here !
I have had no not_problems with the not_app and I like how the pinning is set up .
My favorite thing is that with one touch on the ipad , you can pin , like , or send .
I wish you had to choose a board to pin to each time instead of having it set to the board you most recently pinned to .
Enjoy using Pinterest and am glad it s available as an app ,
But ... I would like to have a couple more secret boards .
Only problem I have with this app is I might be addicted ! ! !
This is def a great app for people who need inspiration or show something they like and how it worked for them .
I don t even know how I made it through the last 12 years of teaching without not_Pinterest .
Tonight every time I repin something the app crashes .
If I ve searched something and pinned something from the search it will crash back to my profile and I have to do the search all over again .
Love spending time browsing or searching for specifics or just getting inspiration .
Doesn t seem to crash as much as it did previously .
Love to use when in the store and can t remember what I need for crafts , beauty or whatever .
Nelle8715 , Whenever I need to know how to do or cook something , I always turn to Pinterest ! ! !
There are so many ideas to try .
Use it just about every day !
Didn t think I d get the hang of it but now I have to force myself to stop .
Please please fix !
Pins should have a function where you can enlarge them and then swipe to see the next image ,
Really like this app although some bugs need worked out , will crash and can t find the pin I was going to pin to my board ,
I love how its so easy to pin , like or send with the new update .
It s like a refined google ; everything you want and nothing you don t. The only way it could be better was if they had check boxes on the pins so you could check off what you have done .
Love that we get to pin whatever we need conveniently .
It would be 5 star of Pinterest would tell me when I have pinned something already ! ! !
Anything that could be done to improve performance on iPad would be great !
So many tips for everyday needs or planning a future event or inspiration to do more with what little time we have .
Is super helpfull I have everything that is important in my daily life in one place I don t have anything bad to say I just love it .
My problem is I have found so many things I d like to do myself it s just a matter of having enough time in the day to so them !
It s addicting , but in my experience it crashes all the time , especially when you attempt to open a pinned link .
The only other issue I ve experienced is when I visit a link through the app and want to follow them on Pintrest , there s an error message ,
I could spend hours just finding new ideas .
Plus please add back the ability to email a pin by entering in the email address instead of having to use Facebook friends or contacts .
I love everything about it , but I wish you could swipe to go back to your home feed rather than press the back button .
The only change I would suggest is to allow the users to enlarge the pictures .
Glad someone made this app or I wouldn t be saving tons of money ,
However , I have two problems .
It keeps a lot of windows open and that crashes my iPad 2 .
I have a 60 Gb capacity and only 1/3 is used , so I don t know what the problem is .
This almost always crashes .
s Meow , I love to roam Pinterest but it has a problem with crashing on my and its extremely aggravating .
Love Pinterest , but wish you can have more than 3 secret boards !
The new way to pin is annoying I much preferred the hold to pin from the previous version .
And , can we bring back the alphabet scroll thing that used to come up on the side that would allow you to get to a board without not_scrolling not_forever ?
It has everything I need all in one place !
\\nMy only problem is there is a limited number of boards .
The app is constantly crashing every time you are investigating pins .
This terrible app does not not_do not_Pinterest any justice .
However , this iPad app has more problems than I can handle sometimes .
I have to open the app multiple times for it to even load anything , and it freezes and then crashes when I m in the middle of looking at pins which I will never not_find not_again .
Even with all of the updates I still find there are problems .
But I agree with one reviewer who suggested the ability to rearrange boards easier .
I just love all the ideas , but Will be nice to be able to sen it thru text message .
And lots of ideas about how to work those recipes off ! ! !
24 Sugar 7 , I need it !
They made a ton of improvements .
Pinners have suggested all the improvements that have been implemented .
That said , we must remember that you can t please everyone .
I love all the clever ideas , and recommend it to everyone .
Wish they made a book of all the DIY ! ! !
Love this app Has a lot of great thing and great for kid to get ideas for crafts but the other day when I opened an app and found it was porn I was very disappoint .
it was not not_until the not_morning , some 12 hours later that I could use my iPad .
\\n\\nPlease rebook at your latest update and see if you still have problems built into it .
\\n\\nPS : I m unable to find out how to upload my own photos .
I recently become addicted to Pinterest , just love it !
The only improvement I would suggest is a way to rearrange your pins within the board .
Only drawback is the crashing occasionally .
Love pinterest and the app but please make an iPad version ! ! ! ! !
It crashes way too much !
And there are no not_instructions on not_how to get any of pictures/ideas to the main boards ( I know how to upload pictures to my boards ) ,
Who ever came up with Pinterest should be given a Nobel prize !
maybe improvements could be made but its an app .
A wonderful way of learning more about your mind s explorations and finding others who enjoy the same interests !
I have not not_had not_any problems using this app & amp ; find it pretty much like the computer version .
Please work out a deal with Flipboard and Feedly so I can pin from their apps .
I use this app all the time and update when ever possible and have no not_problems with it not_what so ever .
Great way to express one s self .
Doesn t require a lot of conversation or opinions , just post what strikes you .
It s a great app so helpful I haven t had any problems ,
For instance , my recipe board could be broken down into breakfast , lunch , dinner , dessert , or whatever else , all inside the main recipe board .
Just fix it !
I just lovvvvvvvve Pinterest .
I have almost no not_problems with it .
So glad I did love it inspiration anytime I need it .
I don t just pin , I actually use what I ve pinned .
Works great have never not_had not_any problems with it other than that I end up ignoring people to play with it .
I have no not_issues .
I ve always made lists in my head of things I ve wanted to bake , craft , etc and then unfailingly have forgotten each and every one .
This is the best app for finding your interest just download this app ,
It either opens very slowly or just crashes .
I love how you can pin and like something without not_having to not_click on it .
Pinterest has given me so many ideas for my upcoming wedding & amp ; how to redecorate my new home !
The `` Pin It '' button has disappeared from my task bar , and there is no not_mention on the not_Help site as to how to restore it .
You will get everything on it ,
This app has it all from food recipes , to DIY projects , to DIY cleaning products and all the likes you can think of .
Aside from that you can add your own to share .
Once you star pinning , you just can t stop !
The app always works great for me and after 6+ months I still haven t had any problems .
I just wish there was a way you could organize your boards .
Millo31 , Really love how you can find great ideas to improve life .
Learning how to use it ! !
I haven t had any problems with their updates .
I do get annoyed when it crashes but I must admit I keep coming back .
I highly recommend it .
Rissikms , I stay on this app for hours at a time just pining everything that I like .
Have never not_had a not_problem .
I love Pinterest , but the new way to pin things is annoying .
I have accidentally mis grouped some items but don t know how to change the Board I put item into .
Weezie5103 , Just wish thr wr more pics .
I really enjoy using Pinterest , but I do wish that there were more more information and tutorials on how to get the most out it .
I can t even figure out how to post on group boards , and\\n use icons .
Never had any problems and would highly recommend !
Can t love without it ! ! ! !
I love the app but I have one problem that is extremely frustrating , I am in the middle of pinning something when it kicks me off .
I plan everything with this app : parties , meals , trips , home decor .
The update made it easier to pin things I think the update is way better than it was so I recommend everyone to try Pinterest you will love it ,
Pinterest is my number one reason for being distracted , BUT after I updated the app , it started freezing .
I have two issues : 1 ) It takes up soooo much space on my iPhone .
I would love to be able to organize my photos by just dragging them to the correct space .
Also , when I pin a a photo of how to make something or recipes they don t always have the instructions ... is there a way to know if it is only a photo ?
I mean why pin a picture of a dish , if it doesn t include how to make it ?
A lot of great updates have been made , but it s still crashing too often for something so enjoyable .
This has never not_crashed for me and it not_is super easy to use .
I ve learned a lot about friends just by looking at their boards .
Never had a problem : ) ,
It crashes occasionally , but I don t care , I love it !
I think the app is easier than on my computer because I can easily scroll through stuff .
Maybe just send a note so you could talk to like minded people .
I love being able to collect ideas for my home and for hand made gifts all in one place , with out all the clutter of clipping magazine articles .
My only problem is that I can only see the newest pins on my board .
Doesn t become old , there is always something new , amazing , fun , interesting , stylish , ... should I go on ?
I just love it !
The only issue I have is that this app is too addictive !
Never had a problem .
That being said , I ll usually just hit like n a pin then when I get to full size pc is when I ll go thru my likes & amp ; repin what I really want .
I start & amp ; forget to stop .
I wish I could nest se boards , I teach art and could like to have sub boards for my art activities .
It could use logos instead .
Couldn t have made a better app ! ! !
Very easy to use , and have not not_had not_any problems with it .
I can t open half tbe links , when I do they don t lead to the proper place and can I say , what s up with all the other languages ?
I recommend it for everybody !
Please consider going back to just holding down the pin to pin it .
I spend most of my time on here looking things up , I recommend this app to moms or ladies who like to do crafts ,
Now is the time to get busy there is an abundance of ideas here .
I love this app and am not not_having not_any problems with it at all .
I need to get back to Pinterest !
Never have a problem with this app .
Every time I try to save a picture , it crashes !
This update is crashing for me again .
But it would be great if they added a way to see all your likes..instead of it just showing like 20 and then having to refresh the page for it to randomize the list .
Pinning is so easy to do and great that you can look back at all of your beautiful pics whenever you want .
When you go to a subject it will not not_be in the not_right category.i think Pinterest needs to do something about that .
On different sites I don t see how to sign up to receive blogs via emails or Facebook .
Blogs need to be easier to use .
Love the idea , but figuring out how to use it was tough .
A . It crashes too frequently and is frustrating .
Please bring the old way back .
HOWEVER The Bug Fixes NEED TO BE HANDLED .
\\n\\n And why are we limited to only 3 secret boards WHY ?
I wish there was a way to make where in the pins I stop browsing at each time .
I feel like I am always missing out on some great ideas .
Does anyone else have this issue ? ?
I just love Pinterest ! ! ! !
Melissa Elwell , Just keep pinning : ) ,
What more do you want ?
My only 2 complaints are that you can t choose the cover photo for your boards and that once you add a profile picture you can not not_remove it and not_go back to having the generic picture .
There are so many great ideas for everything !
Look whenever I go to look at my notifications , to look up a pin or to see what the people I m following it says no not_pins not_please fix it ,
, it has helped me in so many ways , and I love all the recipes I have made so far that I ve gotten off this site ... ..it s amazing ! ! !
Works great just like the regular version .
Love the app , but why do I have to review it all of the time ? ! ?
I love Pinterest , it is great for getting ideas or just looking a pretty pics .
I like it , haven t had any problems like the new way to pink very convenient .
Haven t used it for a long period of time just between killing time so that might be why I haven t experienced the other problem people are reporting but none the less not_love it !
I find it crashes every time I use it at least twice .
s heiress , Love Pinterest and most of the updates but , it would be nice to have the `` recently pinned '' part like there is for iPhone on iPad .
Also please add search by letter to iPad .
I would also like to see my recent activity .
I need Pinterest Anonymous .
\\n\\nThis app also needs a feature for full screen slideshow mode within any board or the users pin wall .
I just love this ap .
The only problem with it is that it is so dang addicting ,
It does everything I expect a pintrest app to do .
Love Pinterest , BUT I went with 4/5 stars because I wish that the order of the boards could be changed .
So , to improve make subcategories for the boards or better yet just make it possible to move the board order around .
Love Pinterest , use it constantly , although it crashes on occasion , I still love it bunches .
Great concept , but almost every time I use it for more than 7 8 minutes , it crashes on both my iMac & amp ; my iPad .
Please address this issue !
I am n awe of all the exciting things you post .
I love this site and the great information the is available .
Move over Facebook and twitter Pinterest is here to stay !
The constantly changing how to pin/like things or how to access different functions gets a little frustrating but otherwise the app is good .
But I think it s LAME LAME LAME that you have to have a Facebook account to be a Pinterest member .
App seems to be getting better but it still crashes on occasion .
I can t stop pinning ,
Why can t you import Facebook photo anymore ?
I have everything at my finger tips when I need and want it .
STOP updating and changing it .
I live Pinterest but I m getting frustrated and have been going on less not_because the not_app will crash and ill try again and it will just keep crashing !
I recommend it to everyone and I just rant and rave about all the ideas everyone posts .
Just should work on making the things I pin ,
I just love it and the features make it easier to use than the original , in my opinion .
The last update made the work so much slower than before .
Why make something that was easy now more difficult to use ?
They recently added multiple features that allow the user to pin faster and more efficiently .
Why the difference in the way the app is on different phones ?
Please update Pinterest for all phones to be just as cool as the one on the iPhone .
I get hardly not_any not_crashes or problems since the last update .
Maybe we can t do it or have it quite yet , but the hope and the actual beautiful visual aspect of it we can .
Or it can be the inspiration we need to create something similar and finally feel part of who we are begin to show .
And it s not just for not_women not_but men even have a place here !
Never had an issue ,
There are some things they need to fix like ; '' Edit your pages '' .
There is no not_options to not_change the pages to secret after you create them .
\\nI have never not_had a not_problem with the app .
And when I m in a hurry and need a recipe , decoration , or helpful advice I know it s just a quick click away !
I love the new version , all you have to do to pin or like is hold down on the picture and it brings up all your boards !
I love the feature that you can send pins now .
It would be great if you could add multiple pics to one pin ( ex .
Like it , could love it if the Ipad version could have the option to open site in Safari like the Ipod .
s girl , Would be nice to have more than three secret boards .
I have to admit , at first I just didn t get the attraction but now am totally addicted .
I also think there should be a limit on the length of a pin .
Also , I think it would be helpful if there \\nwere a contact email to which users could email questions and the like for technical help ( i.e . trouble with posting pins ) .
Warning : Pinterest is addictive but it s also so fun and full of great craft ideas and recipes for every occasion , not to not_mention not_great humor when you need a pick me up !
I need Pinterest rehab ! ! ! ! !
There are so many great ideas on here ,
I use it on the iPad all the time and have had no not_problems not_whatsoever .
They ve made some great improvements to the app , like the ability to send pins .
However , as many have said the crashing problem needs to be fixed fast .
I love this app , it is very addicting : ) i love all the diy projects and it made me bond with my kids more , thanking this app us not not_enough , it has not_tranformed my thoughts cause there are so many possibilities , great app : ) ,
So far , no not_crashes not_after the last update .
I like the idea of being able to drag & amp ; drop to organize pins/boards if you can add that in the future .
I haven t had any problems with the app crashing or slowing my phone .
Obsessed ; literally can t stop pinning .
Love this app as well as the site , although there s a few things you have to do on your computer that you can t do on your iPhone .
I need to be able to rearrange my pins , which can not not_be not_done at this time .
Everything you d want to know is on this site !
If the idea is convenience , Pinterest has achieved the opposite .
Repinning is the only thing I need a shortcut for .
I never have not_any not_problems with it so far when I m using it either .
I need to see something before I can execute it , since I am a very visual person .
I need my fix everyday .
But frankly I feel like its fine the way it is , and it intermittently crashed and is somewhat unstable but besides that , I think the Pinterest app for iPhone , iPad and iPod is an efficient and all around great app !
I am completely addicted to this site and I very rarely have not_problems not_searching throughout Pinterest via my app .
Just like the website .
I have had no not_bugs not_except it does shut down after a while but otherwise it is wonderful and easy to use ,
It s a fantastic resource and inspiring place to get great ideas , recipes , and how to s. Only one thing would make it better , that is having a `` print recipe '' button that would allow us to easily print selected pages/recipes to cook or shop from more easily .
I suggest this to anyone and everyone .
I love Pinterest but wish there was a way to quickly move pins from one board to another .
Have to set a time limit or I will be on the site 24/7 !
I would like it if they could add a side a z scrolling bar when selecting which board you want to goose from .
Why can I only do this in the `` following '' segment ?
Website is awesome , but the app needs some work .
I can t stop pinning ,
I would give this interesting app 4 or 5 stars if there was an easy way to pin original material .
After a comment from my daughter in la made a comment about seven new projects she just had to do .
I have gotten so many amazing ideas for my dream wedding , and how to even reuse those things and incorporate them into our home afterwards .
I HIGHLY recommend this app to anyone from the crafty DIYer to the inspirationalist , to those wanting to get fit and looking great ideas and motivations .
I really enjoy this app , it has crashed .
Search function & amp ; results should be upgraded .
Definitely would like to see ability to organize Boards into sub boards .
I loooooove this app but ever since I updated it when I search something it won t load all the pics of each pin ! ! !
I love spending hours looking for cool ideas and saving them for later but every time I try to connect to a pin to see the post the app crashes .
I give it 4 stars because it crashes often .
I am a Big Fab of Pinterest : ) it helps me find great articles to support my lifestyle !
My only critique is that a lot of the sites that are linked to the pictures do not not_work .
My boyfriend tells me all the time that I need an intervention because I m always on this site ! ! !
When I need a inspiration this is the place to go .
Right now it just sends the the pin/link to the person .
My app crashes all the time still , I love Pinterest and wish it worked better on my iPad .
I never not_plan an not_event without not_going to not_Pinterest first !
The greatest ideas are on this site for food , decorations , drinks , gifts and hot men ! !
Pinterest , you are awesome , but that new way to re pin is the worst .
The notification if you have previously added a specific pin in the past .
I haven t had one problem with the Pinterest application since I started using it a year ago !
I rarely have not_any not_problems with this app .
Not sure why , but it s not a not_horrible not_thing maybe I just rush it .
I updated the app and now it crashes every time I open it !
Im not not_gon not_na use fancy words , all i need to say is that I LOOOOOOOOVE IT ! ! ! !
I ve never not_had not_any issues with it either !
Stephtravbailey , I only wish I could get paid to be on here all day .
Where was Pinterest when I was younger ! ?
Love this app can t get enough of it !
Only problem I have is it crashes on a sort of regular basis , especially if I m going to look at bigger pins .
Love it has never not_crashed just not_gets a little weird while trying to pin but for the most part I have no not_problems ,
App occasionally crashes but love Pinterest !
Please bring it back !
Never had any problems with the app and find the updates helpful .
I would suggest making the profile pictures able to be larger because when trying to find other pinners on a phone or something with a smaller screen you can t see people s picture to know if its who you re looking for .
It s has a few bugs but other than that I love it ! ! !
It is all available and I don t have to pay to see movies through my Cable or Satellite providers .
Please make Pinterest easier for us older folk .
How do I be more selective and less not_common to not_be able to pin specific ideas not just not_such not_broad ones ?
You are on your own if you need assistance .
Give it one because it crashes on my iphone .
I definitely recommend getting this app .
I use this app whenever I need inspiration .
This app crashes all the time !
Easiest , Fastest Way to ANY RECIPE , TASK , NEED TO KNOW .
OR WHAT YOU MIGHT WANT TO KNOW ABOUT .
Except for the fact that it updates its format every 3 seconds , I love Pinterest .
Pattonluks , You can get lost for hours here until the Internet connection gets slow for a moment and then it crashes .
But I m sure that will be available soon .
It s easy to use , but I keep having the problem of it crashing right after I pin something .
I would love it if there was a way to organize them into groups ( like friends , businesses , etc ) and I also wish there was a way to search within the people you follow to find a specific person .
This app hasn t crashed on me yet and it is so addicting .
It is so fun and enticing that once you have played , you may never not_be not_able to go a day without not_playing not_again .
This app provides terrific ideas for all that you are searching for .
Ive never not_had not_any problems with app itself .
Works well for the most part ; it occasionally crashes but too often .
Its annoying how you have to slide your finger to repin ,
I really like this app , the only thing I d change is how often it crashes .
Very smooth , no not_crashes not_thus far .
I have issues with viewing some of the pins .
Overall it does what I need it to do .
It would be cool though if there was a way to contact people through a link on their pages .
That way it could be creating new friendships as well : ) .
Please stop the modifications so I can get acquainted with this one before you jump to a new one .
New update rarely not_crashes , a not_huge improvement over last version .
Love it , it s nice to have when you need an idea for dinner , a party or almost anything you can think of ! ! !
However , the app crashes a lot so I give it 4 stars .
I just love love love everything about Pinterest !
Help me when I was planning my wedding .
Awesome app but definitely needs some bugs worked out !
The computer and phone work totally fine , but , the iPad version crashes all the time .
If I click on a pin , it crashes .
Please please pretty please help with the crashing ! ! !
Please fix this issue .
The only thing that needs fixing is that when you go to look at it sometimes the website isn t there to give specifics but other than amazing !
I love this app and I m on it at least once a day but ever since the update it freezes and crashes a lot so I have been avoiding using it for about a week now .
User friendly , haven t had many issues with updating .
I LOVE Pinterest until I updated it !
It hardly not_ever not_did that before I updated it ,
Lol Besides the pictures , you can find tons of helpful info from recipes , to how to tips .
I recommend it to all my friends ,
My favorite categories are the recipes and fashion which is great so I don t have to print out recipes or get a cook book it s on my phone when I need it all I need to do is `` pin '' it .
Just wish I knew how to delete duplicates and how to rearrange pins .
I love this application even though it crashes a lot and has to be reopened every now and then .
My go to in how to s !
\\nI recommend this app as often as u can !
Even when I block a name it will show up on my board again , several weeks later .
Please fix the bug ASAP ! !
And I like that you can view the sites right in the app without not_being not_redirected to safari .
She is everyone s favorite , you want to hate her but you can t you just Love her so much and you learn from her everyday .
I ve personally never not_had a not_problem with the updates .
There are such creative people here , their ideas are simple , yet so easy .
Highly recommend it to anyone and everyone !
I enjoy using it , it s as easy and fun as twitter yet as useful as Facebook and like Instagram you get to post pictures , but more resourceful and personalized than all 3 .
Some of the new updates provided just the added capabilities I needed ! !
I would love to see the board browsing by alphabet letter back , and maybe some more categories ,
Never had any problems ,
Definitely recommend it .
But all the new updates on how to pin items is getting old .
I liked the last 2 ways how to pin with holding down your finger and it would pin it right away or just simply pressing pin .
Now you have to hold it down and drag it to what you want to do with the pin .
I like that there are 2 columns of pins within my boards , makes it easy to find a pin that I need to get to .
The tips and ideas are very motivating for any topic imaginable .
There really is something for everyone here .
I love browsing Pinterest on my phone but sometimes I wish the zoom capability could be used .
Upon installing the latest update my ipad crashed and would not not_open or not_reboot until it died .
Now every time I open Pinterest it crashes , and freezes was so much better before .
I haven t had any problems with this app yet .
Haven t had any crash issues .
Love the Pinterest app , but wish there was a way to quickly edit the comments on what I re pin .
I would also like the ability to move my boards around so that they don t just show up as first board made and so on .
That having been said , it is still better than the iPhone app is , And since using Pinterest on Safari on the iPad causes Safari to crash all of the time , I ll take what I can get with the app .
I love this app but the new way of pinning things is NOT my favorite !
Haven t had any problems to date , but I ve only had my phone for a couple of months .
I haven t tried uploading anything but comments and pins are easier to make than on a laptop/desktop .
The organization/flow of the app could be improved , as I will often forget how to access or make a task .
Not sure what it needs to fix it but these lock ups have to stop .
It also crashes about every other time I try to reopen it .
It does have its bugs , like freezing when you try to save a picture to your phone sometimes , which is what keeps it from five stars .
I really enjoy letting the hours fly by , but I find the app crashes too often .
Please fix these glitches .
I avoided Pinterest for a while cause I thought I wouldn t have a use for it but I was totally missing out .
Can find everything you didn t know you wanted or wanted to try !
Pinterest , please develop a way for users to download all their recipe boards and make a cookbook out of them !
Was there life before pinterest ?
I think there is a bug .
I can t even open Pinterest anymore and it just keeps trying to update it .
I can t even open the app anymore !
Nightly recommend it ,
Very user friendly and the most addictive app available .
Love the ability to like and repin without not_clicking on the not_pin , glad they added this feauture back ,
You then have to search to find out about the item you tapped on to read about ,
I love Pinterest , but I wish that you could categorize boards and have sub boards .
Fills time while I wait for appointments and when I need a smile after a long day .
There are so many awesome pictures and ideas and a lot of them have a link to show you how to do it !
I absolutely love this app if there anything you want to find or need inspiration just pull up this app and you ll find everything your looking for and then some ,
The new way to repin things is terrible .
The old way from 2.5 was waaayyyy fast .
Please bring it back as an option ! ! !
I love to use Pinterest to plan anything from a wedding to a baby shower !
I have never not_had a not_problem .
Going to echo a lot of what others have mentioned needs fixing , though .
The app crashes a lot !
Also , it would be awesome to be able to rearrange pins within boards simply by dragging and dropping , as well as rearranging boards the same way ( e.g. , I want to have all my cooking boards in a row , so I don t have to scroll way down to check a beef recipe and then way back up to look at the side dish recipe ) .
Another issue is not not_being not_able to easily go back and forth between several pins on my boards by swiping or better yet having several smaller windows in one screen .
Not sure how to describe this where it makes sense ... hopefully you understand what I m trying to say .
One last request , please create an option to select which pins you want to be used as the cover pic for each of the boards , instead of just defaulting to the first pin .
You will never not_need to not_use your favorites tab again .
Pinterest is AWESOME it gives great ideas on how to do things you dont know how to do ,
Would love to see multiple account support a la Twitter for iOS .
Please give me Pinterest back ! !
Having to re learn how to navigate every time a new upgrade occurs is bothersome , but I love you .
It would be nice if it loaded the same way as the website rather than limit the amount you can see in the app .
I wish they could add sub folders in each board , like home and then I could break it down by room , etc . ,
I have had no not_issues not_w the updates .
The ideas on pintrest are endless .
Everyone should have a pintrest account ! ! !
When it s not not_crashing on not_iPad , content is becoming redundant .
I love having Pinterest on my phone , but since the latest update that ( somewhat ) fixed the crashes I find now that I am unable to open many of the pins from people I follow in order to get to the original source .
Good app , but still needs a few more tweaks .
And it s great but you should update it for ice cream sandwich ,
s mom , Not happy that there is NO way to let you know if there is any pins that are distasteful nature .
Some are so pixelated that you can t even tell what they are !
Right now I have no not_problems with the not_app .
Please correct these issues , they are making the app useless .
Just hold your thumb on the pi picture and your boards pop up ... much easier .
I use Pinterest almost daily and would love if there were a way to not have it not_take not_up so much storage on my phone .
Am I planning a party , needing quick tips for the home , looking for design inspiration , how to save money , recipes , need new makeup tips , or even quick links to personal or health matters ?
But I think it would be best to have it just shuffle down sequentially , so that a board you used five times ago is in the number five spot and so on .
I m on this app every day multiple times and haven t had any problems , no not_glitches at not_all .
I hope Pinterest is here to stay for many years to come .
Only down fall is that It is very distracting from daily activities and has been crashing quite a bit lately .
You are seriously without a not_doubt not_missing out .
They update regularly and I rarely not_ever have not_problems .
You can find great party ideas , bedroom designs .
I really recommend this app .
I never not_need a not_cook book again !
I haven t had any problems at all .
I wonder if others are having the same issue .
I think that should be an option , not the not_way the not_app is .
It has helped me find new ideas for gifts , wrapping , recipes , and even is helping me plan my friends bridal shower ! !
Highly recommend it .
\\nBut crashes a lot .
That needs some fixing ,
How can you not not_love it not_?
I love this app , but it has a few problems that make me just want to throw it out the window and strangle the guy that invented this but I still love it and I still use it ,
Any way you can add a `` scroll to top '' feature for the app ?
From style and clothes to wear , to cooking , to even making things you need everyday , plus great quotes too !
So easy to use , so many great ideas ... however recently a lot of pins will not not_load and it not_crashes often .
It would be really really nice to be able to rearrange pins within a board by dragging and dropping where desired , though .
I d always had an issue with craftgawker and tumblr in that I couldn t organize all the things I liked or saved .
I ve made more recipes from Pinterest than I can tell you .
And when I m grocery shopping , I can pull up the recipe and know what I need .
I have a lot pinned it would be great for finding the one item I needed out of my own pin board instead of looking and looking ,
I recommend Pinterest to everyone .
I have never not_had not_any problems and it works wonderful .
I also like the new feature were you can press and hold the picture and choose what you would like to do ie pin send or like .
my only complaint is not not_being not_able to rearrange boards or select a category when you search for pins .
some people just don t like change .
This is a great place to have everything I need to reference whenever I need it .
It s great for researching specific topics , planning your next project , or just collecting eye candy .
If I need ideas for parties there is Pinterest , if I need face mask Ideas there is Pinterest .
Originally it had some quirks when I first started using it , but they have made some great changes and updates , so now I love it !
I find it very easy to navigate and I really like how it just gets better all the time !
I initially got a Pinterest cause my girlfriend made me one so I could see all the things she wanted me to build : D but after her walking me through I have found that is quite a handy app .
It brings a visual element to the process and creates the opportunity to see what others in the same communities of interest are exploring all over the world .
Gives me so many ideas and how to revamp all my junk..lol ,
I love everything I have created off of here and have yet to find something I couldn t do !
Great app , never not_had not_issues ,
Getting a lot less not_crashes not_now .
If you love doing crafts or need a recipe idea or even want a good laugh , Pinterest has it all .
They seemed to have fixed the crashing issue .
It s still easier to organize my pins on the PC , but this app is great for adding new ones and looking at old pins .
Wish I could figure out how to add `` pinning '' to safari on my cell , still haven t been able to do this !
\\nThe new update crashes several times a day !
Love Pinterest , but every time it updates it seems to have more issues .
I have done or made tons of ideas that I have found on this app ! ! !
I love this app it s so easy to learn how to do it .
I love that you can even save the pin it function to your bookmarks and have it work the same as if you were on your computer .
\\nThis app has everything clothes , food , pictures of Tom Hiddleston , and everything you need to plan your future wedding , home , and 12 children .
\\nI highly recommend it .
I just updated my app and now I can t see any pictures .
Or just to find a good comic when I need a laugh .
I can t toggle between apps because when I try to go back to Pinterest it crashes then it will open but it will be back at the top of the page .
Works pretty good , but it would be nice if it was not not_necessary to not_close each new window that opens for each feature or category page , a simple back arrow would be great !
Never have a problem with it ( knock on wood ) .
I just love Pintrest and daily uses this app .
Please get this fixed ! !
I ve seen some awesome things to make on there , and the humor board never not_fails to not_make me laugh .
I ve had Pinterest for around a year , and I definately recommend it to anyone who doesn t have it already !
Never have any issues with it .
App does everything you d expect .
I love Pinterest , but it freezes or crashes and loses my place but I still love it ,
Wish there was a better explanation how to use it on the iPhone like how to pin from a website , how to open it on Safari , etc .
Very easy to use and never not_crashes .
I just wish you could switch pins to other boards like you can on the computer .
I have 900 followers and the app never not_closes or not_crashes on me .
They really need to change the nudity policy and allow boards that are for adults 18+ .
Biggest problem with Pinterest is they treat you like a two year old .
Like the feature of sharing pictures and very informative & amp ; entertaining\\nVery addictive now I need to exercise self control ,
Anything you need to know is on this amazing site : ) ,
This updated version is so much easier and faster to use I just love it !
If you need clever ideas download this app .
It would be great if there was a way to scroll through a persons pins on their board ( or your own ) in that larger format one by one instead if straining your eyes to scan through all if them at once .
From ideas on re doing your room to how to get good photography skills .
I recommend to someone all the time !
It constantly crashes now and returns me to the top of the page if I leave at any point .
Doesn t make you leave your current page and is now easy to swipe back and forth if you do .
My only issue now is that I have so many pins its hard to go back into my board and find them .
But once I started , I realized I no longer not_needed not_folders of various `` awesome '' ideas torn from various magazines .
With the new updates the app crashes often .
It s my go to whenever I need something to do !
Every time they update it is a piece of junk .
Instead , with the most recent update , as soon as my phone goes into sleep mode it causes Pinterest to crash and I have to start all over and track down the pin .
I won t be using Pinterest very often if I can t access a recipe for more than a few minutes at a time without not_having to not_restart the entire process .
Each time you go back into the app you have to search for your pin from the beginning .
Freezes up & amp ; crashes waaaayy too often !
All it does is crash .
Small issue , but it s an issue nonetheless .
what happened ? ?
please fix it .
The problem is not on my not_computer , just on not_this phone app .
It crashes constantly ! !
I dont know if that is a bug problem or something with my iPod .
Please fix these issues or let me un update my version of Pinterest !
Please give me back my favorite app ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Please fix whatever glitch this is !
Ever since I downloaded the latest update ( 2.6.1 ) , it continuously crashes on my iPhone 4S .
I ve had this app for over a year and it would occasionally crash before , but now it just keeps happening .
I find , funny stuff , CUTE IDEAS , quotes that put a smile on my face , and ways that help me find ways to stay fit.and you can have boards to put the pins in and people can follow you !
I love this app and I recommend it for anyone that has any extra time on there hands .
The only thing that bothers me is when I add a category to my list on pinterest and I make a mistake in the spelling of the title for the caragory , it does not not_let you not_correct it ! !
First of all I probably spend way too much time on here , but the endless ideas are my inspiration !
\\nIt crashes every time I finish a pin or follow the pin to its website .
Please fix it !
Please add the tag feature to the apps ! ! !
I am addicted to Pinterest and I love the new updates , but if there was a way to edit the cover photo on your boards via iPhone , it would make Pinterest better !
If you could make this update available , I would appreciate it greatly !
So what s the fun if you can t look through pins of what you love most ,
Ever since the new update the app had been freezing and crashing nonstop whenever I attempt to pin something .
Otherwise I love Pinterest and am addicted so I would love a new update to fix the bugs !
More often than not , it not_crashes .
This needs to be fixed !
It is now very slow , and crashes every time I open it .
Awesome I m so addicted its like a huge magazine you just can t put down with all kinds of fixes and answers ! !
Tends to crash on my I pad when I go to a web page .
Version 2.6 please change the hold and pin back to how it used to be !
If anyone thinks this is a good idea please submit it to Pinterest !
I know what I repinned , I don t need to see it again unless I go to my boards !
The latest update crashes EVERY TIME I pin something !
Also why can t you share a pin on a hidden board ?
Totally addicted , but it seems to crash a lot .
What happened ?
I love Pinterest but every time I use it is crashes every two minutes and I have to re open the app and scroll back to where I was ,
The most recent update is very slow and resets when I leave the app and then crashes when I go back kn ,
I really like this app ( and Pinterest in general ) but my one issue with both the app and the pc version is that I can t MOVE my pins .
There is no way to not_upload not_from photo album iPhone \\nHow can I switch accounts as I help with a few accounts ?
The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is I wish you could move pins around in boards and from board to board without not_having to not_re pin and delete .
It s frustrating when you realize you can t find anything in your recipe board because you have so many pins but its too difficult to organize it to find anything .
Smoftwo , I just updated my app .
I do not not_open the not_app to see different colored boxes with descriptions of things I can t see .
It s a great way to learn how to decorate , cook , organize , ect .
I don t like that you have to hold your finger down to pin .
& lt ; 3 Sometimes an error occurs it unexpectedly closes but not not_often not_enough to be an issue .
I am considering deleting it permanently ... ..please fix this ! ! ! !
My phone always crashes and freezes now that I have the update .
I have to open it twice for it to actually work .
I m probably on Pinterest more than on Facebook , and will post on Facebook things I find on Pinterest .
I also love that I can create my own things to pin .
\\nSo why didn t I give it the full 5 stars ?
As small as this may seem , I really wish this app would allow us to turn our phone to landscape to see things better and type better .
I mean , the phone can do it , and this is an app version of your site for our phone , so why not not_allow it not_?
The new update has made it so that when I leave the app , even for a few seconds , that when I try to open it again it freezes and kicks me out and makes me start over .
Good app but I `` updated '' it and it has been crashing EVERY time I m on it , needs an update ,
\\n\\nIf you are into posting dismembered human bodies , or abused children , or something to do with anger toward ANY religion , they don t have a problem with it .
But I wish there was a way to hash tag my personal crafts to get them out there & amp ; seen simply like I would on Instagram .
It is not not_loading not_pins to browse or updating pins on my feed .
It has been happening more frequently since I made the latest update .
Evidently there are still some bugs to be worked out .
Great , but crashes very regularly .
I would be very relieved if I could HIDE a board that has already been created , as opposed to hiding a board before I create it .
Dragon654876 , Now when I try to pin something I can t change the board , what gives ?
Would be nice to pin things to the correct boards ! !
It s perfect for all ages , and basically anything in the world can be found there .
Going back in though is no not_problem .
I need to be able to access my boards quickly .
And if I go out of the app and come back it won t keep my place , please fix soon !
I could spend an hour just searching fun stuff .
The new update is terrible , it crashes every time I open it , and doesn t save my spot on a page if I stop to check a text message .
My only complaint is that it crashes regularly ,
I plan my future stuff here !
I highly recommend pinterest to anyone !
Please add an option of switching back in the Pinterest settings .
I recommend it !
Please oh please figure out the crashes on iPads !
Please fix ASAP !
If my friends want to know the recipes I make , I tell them `` go to my Pinterest boards !
Please add back the ability to choose a letter of the alphabet to locate a board .
The only thing I wish Pinterest had is to tell you what time the pin was pinned , I just like to know these kind of things .
Boopboolicious1998 , Before this last update Pinterest never not_ever not_crashed but now if I go on a different app and then go back on to it it freezes my phone then crashes all together , fix that and it will be awesome it works other than that ,
I love Pinterest and the new updates but seriously why is the `` picked for you '' section not not_available on the not_app yet ! ?
I have to go on my computer if I want to see it , I wish they would fix that ,
I like how you push and hold and choose whether to like , pin , or send the pin .
However , on my iPod touch , the app freezes and crashes quite often .
App still crashes .
The only thing is I wish you could add multiple photos at a time from your phone ! !
You should think about adding a search bar for personal repin albums .
When I open the app it freezes my phone , crashes , and has to be reopened .
Love the newest pin and like addition though , just wish someone would actually work on crash issues like they say they do .
I LOOOOOOOVVVVVVVVEEEEEE Pinterest for its use , but please make it stop crashing .
It says I can t log on when I use the app , however it works on safari .
I LOVE Pinterest and having an easy to access app on my iPhone makes it super convenient to jump on at any time of the day , whether I need to kill some time or I m looking for an easy and quick hairstyle for a last minute event or a ball worthy updo , I know Pinterest will always have exactly what I m looking for !
Love this app : ) although I wish there was an easier way to see all of my likes : ( A timeline maybe ?
\\nI want to see the ones I liked when I first made the account .
Can drain my iPhone battery and use all my data plan looking .
There are a couple of things that could be changed to make it better .
Any idea you need to find is on this sight .
The app crashes when i click on a pin to open the link .
You can create many collage projects in seconds !
Yes , I understand that Pinterest would like to control it s content to keep things tasteful and make the content available to various age groups .
I think Pintrest is great I love how u can find out all kinds of stuff and even make friends ?
Sometimes the `` likes '' button does not not_work not_from my iphone .
It took me a few times to figure how to look at something that someone had posted a while back , but that did not not_stop me .
Never had a problem : ) ,
Everyone needs a Pinterest account !
\\nDIY , recipes , party planning , cleaning tips , interior design ideas , workout plan & amp ; motivation , & amp ; the list goes on ,
Plans for future homes and my personal bar , to ideas on how to collaborate items out of my very envy worthy wardrobe to make some of the most amazing outfits ! !
I find it easier to simple google the information I need .
I can find everything I need with this app !
I use it all of the time and I have never not_had not_any issues .
There are so many ideas , the possibilities are endless .
The way to pin something is really easy ,
Awesome and very interesting way to learn how to do crafts and making pretty things .
I just made strawberry soup and peach soup .
It was yummy , you must try it .
Does crash on my iPad often though : / ,
No need to see my own pins in the home feed .
I also have this problem occasionally when I m pinning within the app .
Being unemployed un expectantly , I needed to stay busy while looking for work .
I just love it !
Only problem is that I spend too much time on it ; ) ,
Everything that I need I can find it here .
It never not_works for me .
Maybe I m just not not_seeing not_how , and thus , why it should be easier .
It took some getting used to but is great altogether crashes some but everything else is great !
It s faster than using the website on my iPhone and the only issue that I ve had is that it crashed a couple of time when I was searching for a particular word ; but I haven t had the issues others are mentioning .
Pinterest provided me with so many ideas over a range of subjects , especially on food .
I HIGHLY recommend everyone to get this !
I need to get off this site !
I would like to see more options to choose from though .
\\nGo through different categories and find new things , get ideas , get creative , learn how to do many things , find tricks or good advice , etc . \\nit s also an awesome time killer for long lines or waits at appointment & amp ; stuff like that .
It has been crashing a lot lately ! !
I wish there was an easier way to reorganize/move a previous to a different board .
My best app for filing my likes and ad anything for my future projects for my or for any other could use it for benefit of the pinteres community ,
There are some minor problems with selecting things because of the touch screen but i m sure those will be fixed !
Love this app so I can use Pinterest from my mobile devices !
Don t like how opening websites through the app makes it crash a lot .
But this new update crashes SO MUCH .
I would give a five star rating , but I am having problems uploading .
Any time I need a new recipe or an idea for a party/get together I just go to Pinterest and get lots of fun ideas !
I don t know why people say all this crap and some of you think it s the apps fault that it crashes , it s not not_its your not_device ,
I am always looking for new `` DIY '' things to do , when I do my lesson plans for work I always look for new crafts and ideas !
The only thing I don t like so much is that you can only see a certain amount of your pins on a single board .
I love this app , however you can no longer not_see the not_entirety of your boards , which to me completely defeats the purpose of pinning anything in the first place .
Please fix this .
When ever I need an idea for a bridal shower , baby shower or a gifts or decorating ideas I go to Pintrists !
Only time I ever have an issue is if a link doesn t take me where I m supposed to go .
The fact that you can pin what you want to keep going back to is so handy .
Biggest problem lately is changing the comments on something you re pin is more challenging & amp ; that creates confusion .
So far I haven t had any problems and its great !
It seems others have had problems and I hope they got them fixed !
It gets old when you want to go to the first page you have opened but first you have to close everything .
Or maybe I don t know how to use this app , in which case the design doesn t help with fast understanding of the tools included .
I have also had a problem with a person s Pinterest page not not_completely not_uploading .
Once you start you can t stop .
As much as I enjoy using Pinterest , I am increasingly frustrated by the fact that when I tap on one of my pins to either edit or actually go to the original pinner ( to verify source or looking for instructions ) , the screen continually just wants me to re pin .
I highly recommend Pinterest , you ll become an addict in no not_time !
The only problem is it still crashes or freezes now and then but not not_too not_big of a deal .
I wanted a way to keep track of different kinds of recipes , work outs , and some how to stuff without not_printing it not_all out .
I just wish there was a way to move pins from one board to another ,
Too bad the application crashes and logs off while you are browsing !
It would be nice if I could do more from my phone like upload pics from my camera roll and change my board pic .
Would be nice to be able to highlight text on blogs to use recipes too , that might just be a blog thing though .
Either way , the ideas are endless ; ) ,
I have no not_issues not_I just love it .
I love how you can just share all the photos you love and you can find the photo you wan na see perfectly because they are all in categories and boards ? !
Once I start pinning I can t stop !
The browser is a little slow if you re visiting the website of a pin , but other than that it s a fairly clean , easy to use app .
Mine nerves crashes and the new drag and love , pin , comment system is fast and easy .
I really like looking at different ideas or favorites of people but I find it very creepy that just because I pin an item someone from someone I am now following them .
It does close unexpectedly and at times it may take several attempts to restart the app as it crashes at restart , and when it crashes it loses the page you were on .
Pinterest gives me the ideas I need to then carry on and create what I want .
I know there are copyright issues at stake , but I have been exposed to more artists through Pinterest than any other form .
I ve used this app for awhile now and haven t has any problems .
It s a good app I love Pinterest however it is frustrating that you can not not_view not_all your pins .
meganmcentire , Excepting one creepy follower I can t find out how to shake off , the app is easy and fun to use .
However I really don t understand how to navigate the site and all that you can do .
The Ap needs a little work so that it doesn t shut down periodically on iPad , so channel your inner Steve Jobs , folks , and get it done .
I haven t had any problems so far with Pinterest deleting any of my boards like some others have said .
Love the new easy way to pin by just holding down your finger !
The only issue I have is when I use my Asusa tablet , it shuts down often , on my I phone it does not !
The last version kept crashing on me but the latest one seems awesome and I haven t had any problems .
I will say at times I will log onto Pinterest and am unable to see SOME of the photos on others pins ?
How did we survive before being able to catalogue our lives in pictures ?
Love Pinterest never not_had not_any problems using the app either ,
Would highly recommend downloading it .
I always find recipes on here and I have planned my wedding on here also !
But feel like it could have a better interface .
Allows you to organize it in a way that is meaningful and easy to refer back too .
Awesome App until it crashes .
Anything you ever wanted to know how to cook , DIY , etc you can find on Pintrest !
I think everyone should have it on their phone .
\\nI tried to make an account via email , but Pinterest wouldn t let me `` we can not not_let you not_make an account due you suspicious activity signing up '' \\n\\nWhat is that ?
I love everything about Pinterest but it crashes a lot on my iPod .
Be careful , you might get lost in the inspiration ! !
It s the best app you could get addicted too .
Pinterest is always the first app I recommend !
Not sure I m fully aware of how to use this tho lol ,
Runs well , I have never not_had an not_issue .
except when I can t open a pin to its source ?
It Needs a little bit of tweaking but other thank that it s great !
It took me a while to figure out how to navigate the app , but I love Pinterest too much to complain .
Can t figure out how to block someone that is following me .
If your looking for something you will find it on Pinterest .
There is an issue that I have noticed recently and that is when you go to look at the pin for example a recipe , it s not not_there .
I just love Pinterest .
\\nPros : \\nfaster pinning\\ntelling you that you have already pinned a board thank you\\nable to send board so easily now\\nCons : \\nPlease put side board for ABC when I am looking where to pin this would be so much faster\\n\\nOther than that so far it is good !
Great way to share ideas , this app is great !
The app has some issues but in all I love it ,
Haven t had any problems and I ve been using this app for a while .
I am obsessed with the website and the app makes it better because I can use it on the go !
It s full of inspiration and I can t even count how many recipes I have made from this site .
Haven t had any problems with it .
You can use it on any phone or computer .
The only problem I had was getting the Pin It button to work on a version 1 of iPad .
Haven t had any problems with it ?
Appears your update needs updating !
It works great until it crashes .
Haven t had a problem yet !
Only problem is that I have so many pins and I can t search within them ,
feels like he needs a way he can communicate with me through Pinterest since I spend so much time on here ! ! !
I recommend it to anyone .
I do daycare and have 2 young children so I need ideas in my life ESP with the same ol same ol !
I would maybe like to see some way to reduce what I see when I go to my page ... maybe broken down by day or week , it gets a LOT overwhelming fast !
I would like to have more than one level of boards .
Invited my co worker and she can t stop searching !
I can t get anything done around the house since I m on Pinterest all the time .
\\nWhen I found out about it I didn t know what I d need it for and now I can t imagine how I d do without it .
I have never not_had not_any problems .
BUT I wish that you could `` like '' or repin a pin without not_having to not_open it !
I can t stop browsing on it .
Do not not_install not_unless you are prepared to be addicted !
It will tell me that there are no not_pins not_available .
The only thing is that it crashes a lot .
Just started Pinterest and really don t know how I would function without it !
Very good for inspirations and the app has very few problems .
I rarely not_get on the not_full website anymore unless I need a bigger screen to follow a tutorial .
Only problem is its highly addictive !
\\nI only have one problem : It still crashes way too often .
Only issue is some people s links don t work , but that s due to Internet and blogs being cancelled .
I think it should go further back so we see more posts .
It s a good start , but it still needs some improvements .
We are planning daughter 2nd daughters wedding and Pinterest is a huge part of it !
Please make this happen ! ! ! !
This is a great app , I recommend it to all my friends .
\\nNot 5 stars for the latest update I ve had some problems .
I actually can t stop pinning .
Pinning is easy and I love the variety available ,
I can create collages and collections right on my phone and never not_spend a not_penny ! !
Is there nothing to be done about that ?
Can t stop pinning ! !
Great game but you should be allowed to pin videos from you library or just doing it live .
I have always loved Pinterest but the iPad app needs work .
Often , the app will say that it ran out of pins to display ( impossible pinterest should go on to infinity ) , and I have to exit the app completely to see if I can search for more .
I recommend it to everyone .
I am currently planning my wedding and have gotten endless ideas from this app .
They have made great improvements ... it s so much better now !
Great app i just love it ,
There are great ideas and suggestions I would not have not_thought of not_doing .
I love Pinterest , but the iPad app is constantly crashing ! !
For every hobby , like , or interest you may have , Pinterest has it all !
This is a cool app but it lags so bad and it crashes a lot .
Have spent far too much time on this app , but don t intend to stop !
Some photos are useless if you can not not_see not_close up .
, well ... it should be censored within reason .
This app does everything I d need in a Pinterest app .
Works just like the website .
Sometimes when I open a link it crashes , but , it may be because I have iPad First generation .
It s like google search , when you just want the pictures .
Has everything you need to know how to do seems like ! ! ! ! ! !
Only problem is that it shuts down on me sometimes .
1 ) The app crashes at least once every time I use it .
Why does it have to end ?
Hope to see new pins added with more diverse subjects .
Would be great if there was a way to eliminate irrelevant search terms to get a more accurate read on what I m searching for .
This app functions exactly how I expect it to , the only downside is the amount of time I spend Pinning !
I just wish it had been available when I was much younger !
There are so many great ideas and DIY items !
Upgrades have resolved some issues .
ETA : don t think I have any more complaints now since my last review they added what I thought was missing .
My husband and I both use it it helps us plan meals , find interesting ideas for our home , and new ideas for vacations .
All in all it s a great way to organize your ideas and get inspired but beware , you will spend more time on Pinterest than you ever imagined .
It s like having an app where you can plan your whole future ! ! !
Wherever I need it .
Just wish there was a pin it button you could use on safari .
I would love to see a swipe back or swipe down to go back to a pin board after enlarging a pin ( like Facebook or Tumblr ) .
Now I can t stop going on Pinterest , I even got my 8 year old daughter on it .
It s easy , just get the app ,
It crashes CONSTANTLY on my iPod and it drives me crazy .
Just scrolling through looking at all the photos and things keeps my interest for hours amongst hours .
I haven t had any issues of it crashing or making my phone or iPad freeze up .
Does what I need .
Occasionally crashes but otherwise pretty good .
On my iPhone and IPad it never not_crashes or not_does anything weird like these people are talking about .
For years I would cut out ideas and pics out of magazines and made a binder of my favorite stuff magazines are expensive and mostly advertisements .
The app crashes occasionally .
It crashes repeatedly and I often can t use it when I want to .
I ll shut it down out of the dock and it still crashes when I try and open .
Only problem is that it crashes my iPad ever time I m using it .
I enjoy everything that is shared on here , especially when I need some creative help .
\\n\\nThe only problem I have is when the app suddenly crashes a few times in a row , and then I am done .
\\n\\nWhen you delete one of my pins , I would like to know what the image was .
\\nI would want to know !
Plus when someone wants a recipe , etc . you just tell them it s on your Pinterest page .
Love Pinterest but the app crashes and closes itself often .
I m not not_crafty not_but I m good at replicating I just need ideas and this site is absolutely what I need .
Love the fact that so many pictures and tips are available on one app !
The only thing I would add ( others have suggested this ) is a follow up button to say `` I tried this and it was . ''
This version has added some features that are making me love it more than the web based version .
What more do you need ?
Recent updates have really made this app an easy , quick way to find , store and share great finds from all over the web .
Love it , except for how often it crashes .
I use this app on my iPhone 5 and have NO problems with crashing or freezing .
Just wish I could have more secret boards !
I look forward to seeing what s new to pin and how to pin it !
I wish my iPad could go into the pool !
Never had a creative bone until my mama showed me Pinterest bow when my husband is involved with his hobbies I have something to do : ) Thanks Pinterest you have me a hobby ,
App crashes every 30 mins on iPad so gets frustrating .
Now you have to reload too often .
You have to now pick to pin after you hold in the picture ,
Like the app , but it is frustrating when it crashes .
You have to try it .
I would love to see a way to organize items pinned on boards with the addition of subcategories eg : home bedroom ; cooking ; Italian ,
With all the updates , it crashes way too often !
The only problem with it would be that for a while it would kick me out of the app every 5 10 minutes , but I think Pinterest was just doing some updating .
Thousands of great ideas in an appealing format but WE NEED A WAY TO PRINT !
I miss it when I m not not_there and the not_ideas are wonderful !
Addicted to Pinterest but it still has stability issues .
Love the app , I find many thing and get ideas that are very helpful .
Endless ideas and images galore make this site a happy distraction when you need a break .
Cjs1love , I can t really think of nothing I would change .
Love to get new ideas on DIY but the bad thing is that it crashes a lot .
I often spend hours looking through pins and learning how to do so many new things !
I definitely think it could use some updates and easier function in some things ,
I could spend hours just getting ideas .
Amazingly addictive : ) inspires great ideas and I have to get on every night before I go to bed .
Wish you could rate pins so if you actually do something you pinned you can provide quick feedback to other pinners .
I love this app but it needs to have new topics and more things uploaded !
I love this app.even though i have problems .
And if you can t find anything interesting , you must be dead or an alien .
I love how you can easily like and pin things by just touching a pin for a second : ) ,
I have made some things and are so glad to have the resources !
But , from time to time , it continues to crash .
I love how you can create boards and put pins in them !
You must get this app !
Although if I m on for a while , it will crash .
This is my favorite app.wealth of information on almost everything you need to know .
The only problem is that the app drains the battery very fast on the iPad and iPhone !
During those long boring work days sometimes you need some form of entertainment and this is it !
I love this app coz your able to express your feelings and pin your likes but the only thing is that we are not not_able to not_rearrange the pins in a different order .
As it usually happens with upgrades it did have its issues but they were fixed quickly and the app works great ! ! !
As she explained it , I didn t see how `` pinning '' ideas would be something I d need .
I must admit after trying it I soon decided I needed Pinterest .
I love that I can browse multiple categories that interest me and I can learn amazing tricks and ideas that are extremely beneficial to all parts of my life .
\\nMany you can do yourself or purchase .
Please fix it before it becomes a trashy place such as Craigslist has become ! ! !
I highly recommend this to anyone who loves fashion , needs outfit tips , is planing a wedding , needs craft ideas , or just likes to look at cool stuff !
I m glad it lets me know if I have already pinned something !
A year ago , I was using it on my fairly old device , and it crashed every , say , five minutes .
The only issue I have is staying off of it and this app .
I use it for everything and have never not_had a not_problem with it .
I love Pinterest and I haven t met anyone who doesn t. This app works well on my iPhone and I have not not_had not_any problems with it this far ,
Manamana123456 , So every once in a while it crashes .
Especially if I click on a very long pin and it doesn t load up and then it crashes .
Pinterest should add a space on your profile so that you can see the little thing I think it s like a description of you or something so that mobile people can see it too .
It crashes every now and then but it doesn t bother me .
I wish Pinterest though would work on some way to source images correctly though !
~ Cache , 5 , Darksnoopy83 , Needs a settings option where you can cap the data space used for caching images .
Did I spell caching right ?
One problem is that it tends to crash on a regular basis .
Just need some social chat ,
I can t sleep now ?
I just wish you could upload photos from the web or your personal collection .
My biggest problem is trying to locate some of the instructions and you can t send them to my email without not_problems not_but it is so addicting .
I know I will get the problems corrected .
You have created an interesting and unique experience !
Does what it needs to do , minimal glitches .
M3753 , Every time i need ideas or advice i would seek this awesome app ! !
And for everybody who says it crashes after 30 to 45 mins well why would you be on that long .
The newest version of Pinterest crashes on me .
I m in a remote location and use a `` hotspot '' but didn t have this new problem until I downloaded the newest version .
Kind of frustrating when it crashes .
A little disappointed that most of the links aren t available or have been closed but they re still pins .
And Yes I have actually made some of the DIY pins I ve pinned to my boards .
Lets me do what I need to do .
Does have random glitches but overall I love the app and the concept and recommend it to everyone !
No complaints here , love the app and +++ for adding the swipe to like and repin ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Overall I love the app , but on my iPad it crashes when there are multiple layers open .
Sometimes I would b on for a minute and it would crash .
It s loaded with ideas that are very practical and very realistic to make and use .
I love Pinterest , but this app crashes a lot especially while searching .
It is a fun way to find new ideas on how to do things .
Sometimes crashes through .
I think I need Pinterst Anoymous .
Helps me how to dress and combine my clothes ! ! !
My husband hates how much I love this app because it has provided me with so many new project ideas which can equate to work for him : ) The one opportunity for improvement is to support scaling the browser display when either pinching out or turning my iPhone sideways .
I would give it 5 stars but the app crashes after you have pinned so many pins .
Sometimes the app crashes and it s hard to scroll through to find where you left off when that happens .
Pinterest has a myriad of information available .
We have made things from others ideas and I try to do at least 2 recipes from \\nMy boards every week .
It crashes sometimes , but I still love it !
Though occasionally the app crashes .
Great way to occupy time when you need a daily break !
If you need a time waster you ve found the right app .
It was crashing every time I pinned something but it has been fixed .
Please , please , please alphabetize everything !
I do not not_know not_how to e mail people on it or how to comment , but I love collecting things to do and pictures with cute sayings .
The app continues to get better by adding more functions at the tip of your finger .
I wish they could be updated or deleted if they are no longer not_active .
I ve always loved the Pinterest app and now it s so nice that you can just hold down to repin something !
I just LOVE pinterest , the best app ever ! !
You just check out the pins that are out there and like what you see .
I can find tips on how to make every part of my life better !
The only thing I would suggest is a way for the boards to warn you when you are duplicating a pin !
Definitely recommend it !
I could not have not_had not_such a wonderful wedding without you !
Highly recommend this app ,
The app seems to do everything I need .
To the haters who say it uses to much data ... just fork out the dough for a fully torqued phone or iPad and quit whining .
This app is very fun but the process of adding a `` Pin It '' button to an iPad needs to be easier .
Not sure why it crashes so much , but it seems worse on my iPad mini , than my iPhone 5 .
I definatly recommend Pinterest : ) ,
I am also having trouble with the screen just going black .
Also , I wish there was some way that the boards could be put into alphabetical order automatically .
I understand that it can be done on the computer but all I have is the iPad , and I can t do it .
But you have to have the drive and the want to explore .
There are so many delicious recipes and neat ideas .
I have learned a lot of DIY and have made some really awesome things including food .
The ideas are typically great ! ! ! !
The only thing I don t like about the app is that it malfunctions a lot and will just shut down from time to time but if you just close the app and open it again it seems to work fine .
You need to get it .
Just leave a good thing alone ! !
A Pinterest app that has what you need on the go .
Just keep fixing the bugs ,
I have had no not_problems .
It s a great app , but every now and then it will crash and kick me out .
Never fails !
I have to open the app twice to even get to it , and if I was in the middle of browsing there is no way not_I not_can get back to where I was .
I love the website , but the app has some problems .
\\n\\nThe biggest irritants are 1 ) the app will just close out randomly 2 ) under profile or on another persons page , the number of followers and how many pins are alway wrong 3 ) sometimes the `` explore '' pages will not not_show not_anything , just saying `` no more not_pins not_available '' .
The only way to unfreeze it is to delete the app and reinstall .
I can t figure out how to delete pins .
This app is easy to use for anyone even my 7 yr old knows how to find what she s looking for and pin it !
I have no not_problems with the not_updates on my iPhone 5 .
I love pinterest but they need an app for the iPad ! ! !
I have this app on my iPod touch and it crashes all the time .
\\nI could get used to that however , it never not_remembers not_where I was ( and sometimes it s near impossible to find a pin , since they seem to be searched by the description and not not_tagged . not_)
\\nI am constantly pinning things before reading them , just in case it crashes .
There are so many good ideas for every occasion .
The only real problem I have with this app is that it takes up 1.9 GB .
I keep it because I like it and the safari version on the iPod crashes every time the page loads .
If there is any way you can work on the amount of space this app takes up I would be pretty thrilled .
But why aren t my boards automatically arranged in alphabetical order , so I don t have to search through the entire collection when I want to look at my recipe pins ?
PC version needs to catch up !
It is probably the best app I have on my phone it s funny and has great tips and tricks for easy ways to organize and other fun things I recommend it ! ! !
The only reason I didn t give 5 stars is because there are some pics that lead to spam sites or don t open at all , they need to be more vigilant in removing them .
Just wish you could actually buy most of the stuff you see ! !
The only minor complaint I have is not not_being not_able to take my pictures directly from the Facebook app to the Pinterest app .
lol Great app , you can see how many ppl are so talented , and the newest gadgets all in the same place .
Must say though this last update makes it crash and kicks me out completely !
I can get my craft ideas on the go and that makes me so happy ! ?
So many great people and ideas are on this app ! !
I wish there was a way to find my spot quicker .
So many wonderful ideas to be found , and then when I want to go back to find something , I only need to go to one site to find what I need !
Only complaint is that it still crashes on me quite often , the stability isn t the greatest .
The more boards I create and add pins to them , the more people are following me and repinning my own pins .
Jessiemeza , Love it I can t stop pinning lol ,
\\n I recommend to try it out !
I HATE HATE the fact that it continually crashes .
can t delete the app , can t use it , very disappointing .
I love that I can get help when I need ideas for recipes .
I mostly use it on my computer , but if I need it all of the apps work just fine !
Though it crashes every once in a while , I highly recommend this app to everyone and anyone I know .
\\n\\nAlthough , I m still a rookie and don t understand why it times out and stops allowing me to view pins after only a few minutes ?
I like that I can view a pic up close , then just slide it to the left so I can go back to what I was doing before .
Love the site , however it crashes all the time on my I Pad , very frustrating .
While I like the great ideas that come up , I think the site would be better if there was a way to select what you didn t want to see .
I am not not_interested in not_spending hours on my nails , I think tattoos are ugly , and I shouldn t have to see naked people when I am looking for furniture ideas .
But it crashes my iPod and the lates update was terrible !
please fix it !
So many ideas and how to s OMG I can t get enough !
Never had a problem on any device I own , sooo addicting !
Please add a `` move '' button .
Love pinterest s great ideas and various crafts !
I like Pinterest itself , but the app could use some work like maybe being able to see what pins you have commented on , and not not_kicking you not_out of the app every 45 minutes .
Never has a problem and it never not_force not_closes .
The most recent update adding the ability to edit your boards made this app better .
What was life like before pinterest ?
There are ideas for crafts , food and school ! !
However , I find it does crash now & amp ; again .
You used to be able copy & amp ; paste recipes but that feature is no longer not_available , not_I would like that back .
The one thing it ( and the website ) could use is a feature allowing for seperate categories within a board .
I still love the app though and will always have it on my phone .
There are so many awesome ideas on here a person should never not_be not_bored with this app .
I always find myself on this app ; it gives me great ideas about everything from clothes to food to home decor ; I can t stop ?
Definitely recommend this to anyone who wants ideas for anything !
I just love this app .
My Grammy just got this on her kindle fire and she has a hard time understanding how to get and search for pins .
I have an iPhone 5 and have had very scattered problems with it crashing .
Jragarza , I have noticed some of my pins are missing tho .
Never thought I would really use Pinterest but now some days I am addicted to it .
Still crashes even after the recent update .
Love everything ab the app just hate when it crashes .
My only issue is the 3 board limit on the boards you can make secret .
David Montemurri , I just love it !
Have been upset for weeks , l love the Pintrest idea but there are so many great pins from UTube and still can NOT pin direct to the video on IPad .
They think it s fixed ( or more likely they can t fix ) and keep blowing me off .
I m new to Pinterest but I love having a place to go to find ideas , recipes etc and then having somewhere I can keep it and go back when ever I need it ! ! !
I think I need a pintervention .
I just love it .
The only downside is that I can easily waste a couple of hours just pinning all the things .
Being able to catalog items and ideas that are specific to you is wonderful !
It does crash every once and a while , but I still use it almost every day .
I haven t had any problems with this app !
Its better than what I expected , I would strongly recommend to any and everyone .
I haven t had any major issues with it .
I just wish we could have unlimited or at least MORE secret boards !
Deleted and just put a bookmark to the we site on my home page .
How could a Pinterest app be anything but amazing ?
Great app \\nLike the content\\nBut need to be more stable ,
I recommend it to everyone .
\\n\\nIt crashes a lot .
Does sometime spontaneously crash .
: ) even if it has some bugs and shuts down occasionally , it s always fixed the same day , so you can keep pinning .
I love this app when I am in line or have to wait for something because it makes time fly !
Love Pinterest ... but when you try to copy a pic , either it won t let you or it s too big for Instagram ... my only complaint !
After all the updates I can no longer not_see not_how to email a pin .
I like Pinterest but I think we should have the option to choose if we want to have the changes/updates .
Pretty much everything you need is in the app !
Blah723456 , It crashes a little too often for my liking .
It provides a great deal of information that I need !
It also provides me a nice place to escape while the love of my life is deployed !
Lately it hasn t been informing me if I ve already pinned a pin though and it would be nice if that could be fixed .
But if we could have at least one or two more that would be perfect .
I can t get enough good recipes and tips from this app : ) ,
I ve probably confused a few of these scenarios because this is all more complicated than it needs to be .
Sometimes the app crashes , but not not_too not_often .
I keep checking everyday it s not not_fun not_if you don t know how to use it so make u take the steps they give seriously lol ,
Didn t , get it at first ... .but now just love it !
I recommend it to everyone !
Love it but sometimes it crashes on me .
I could care less not_if and not_when it crashes .
Only problem is that it s addicting & lt ; 3 ,
Even when there is a bug they put an update up as quick as they can .
But it crashes sometimes .
I use to love Pinterest but now I can t even pin anything else without not_getting a not_pop up saying I ve exceeded my pin limit .
What s the point in having a PINterest if we can t pin what we like ? !
Please get this issue fixed so I can go back to enjoying this app again .
The only thing they really need to add is a way to organize boards into categories .
I have 6 different photography related boards that could be put under one heading of `` photography '' .
My only issue is that every 30 or so minutes , the app crashes : ( .
It usually crashes while I m in the middle of pinning something and then I have the trouble of searching for the pin that I wanted to pin in the first place .
At first there were a few issues with it , but it appears as tho the bugs are now worked out pretty well .
It crashes anytime I try to repin anything .
I like Pinterest , and the app just gives me inspiration on the go !
Why does Pinterest Crash every 10 15 min on IPad & amp ; forget about opening up easily on IPhone , why does that take forever even when updating the app often ?
I use it daily and it never not_fails me .
I recommend his to everyone .
I do wish there was a way to report spam links from my iPhone .
I feel that if I want to email a particular secret pin , I should be allowed to divulge that secret to whomever I m trying to email it to .
Please don t ever go away !
This a great app in general but especially for busy working moms who need ideas to spice up dinner choices !
My only complaint : how to pin on the phone , if there is no not_pin not_button .
They did make my acct read only and I never not_got the not_email that told me this information so it was a pain to figure out how to get it back to normal .
I have thrown the best birthday parties , decorated my house , made the best food and so much more all by myself thanks to the ideas and tutorials on here !
What ever you want or need is here ! ! ! ! !
Sure it s got some bugs but people are just looking to be critical .
I m new to it so still trying to figure out a few things but I like it ... after I ve mastered this I ll be able to better access the workology of this app , thus far it s cool ... and yes I made up a word !
I have had no not_problems not_so far .
Makes using the app for recipes ( or other things that you need to go back to the site for the instructions ) pointless .
It has soooo many ideas , crafts , hobbys , etc . it crashes on rare occasions , but otherwise , it s GREAT ! ! !
It is missing a few features that the normal website has , but they are pretty minimal .
Love Pinterest , just wish there was a way to put boards into folders .
What a great way to share ideas and how to s with the world !
It crashes a lot and sometimes it will not not_log in .
Pinterest is great for finding out about everything you want to know from food , fitness , fashion , etc . ,
I love the app but I have a limit of how much I can pin ?
Only bug that I com across is that sometimes Pinterest deletes some of your pins .
Either way , it s still a great app .
I love that you can find everything right here , whether its remodeling your room or getting ideas for a wedding it s all here !
And having an app so I can use it anywhere is great !
Some great ideas , but have had some issues ,
Thanks to Pinterest I mbsleep deprived and my hubby is starting to get annoyed by me saying `` Ohh we need to do this or I ve got ta make a run to Hobby Lobby for a `` few '' things !
Haven t had any issues with it thus far .
It updates my home board with new pins within seconds , and the UI is really user friendly and easy to use .
My only complaint is that I can t find my bestfriend when I need to send her something !
Please fix this !
It is also a great thing if you are having to sit and wait somewhere ; it makes time go by much faster !
I like how they added the recently viewed catagory !
I love the Pinterest App for my iPhone 5 never not_had not_any pinning or loading problems ,
It has crashed only once the entire time I have had it .
The way it was .
This provides me with a great amount of ideas !
It dies seem to crash quite a bit which gets frustrating .
The two wishes would be less not_crashing and the not_ability to pin things from online vs. just from other pinners .
Do not not_enjoy the not_spams ( pinterest needs to counter that better ) .
Also , pinterest needs to help block/ invisibility to select few available even if its there its unclear !
Great app , never not_crashes .
The friend should have the ability to view the pin and decide whether she would like to add it to her board .
Love it especially when I m bored sometimes it crashes when you pin way too much at one time .
Never had a problem with it on my iPhone 5 ,
I have only had one problem , and they corrected it right away .
\\n\\nBe sure to read how to add `` pin it '' button to browser favorites when cruising outside of Pinterest .
It s perfect for what I need it for .
For those who say it crashes all the time it s because you probably need to delete all the dumb games you have in what ever stupid device you have .
The only thing I don t like is when you have so many pins and can only see the last 15 you posted .
Next update please change this .
So it s hard to explain how to do this with others with a limit on the characters you can use .
Any idea you need is here .
It will from time to time crash & amp ; forseclose or will not not_load not_properly when pining something , all In all great app !
Have had it on my iphone for months and never not_had not_any issues with it .
So many great ideas that I can t wait to try out ! ! ! ! !
Do you need ideas ?
The app does crash sometimes , but nothing a true Pinterest lover can t look over !
I can understand censoring porno , but nude art is an essential part of creative expression you have to be able to differentiate !
Also can t seem to figure out how to load the pin badge on to my IPAD .
I never not_seem to have a not_problem with it crashing .
And see what my daughters interests and style ideas are on a more current basis .
The app is pretty great , except that it crashes all of the time .
I m getting REALLY sick of it crashing !
Great app , except there are times when it fails to display the image .
Pinterest has made my life better : ) I love it .
Now I just need a timer on Pinterest to auto shut off so I can be productive !
I just found it a little confusing when you post your own .
No one could see the stuff I posted .
I f you ever need an idea , this is a great app for you !
Love the new features they have added .
There are so many great ideas being shared .
Haven t had any problems .
Love it all around , helps with a lot of this it basically has everything you need ,
I m not a not_crafty not_person but with this app/website I have been doing a lot more , everyone should have this ! !
I use this to plan pretty much everything now and Im on it even more than Facebook .
Ok so they really need to fix the glitch where no not_matter not_HOW many FRIGGIN times I unfollow a person their STUPID post still keep SHOWING UP ON MY HOME PAGE ! ! ! ! !
\\n5 stars if next time I update this app the unfollowing thing is fixed .
Make sure you have a ton of time to look around because before you know it your pinning for hours .
Great idea , but the app crashes a bit .
I never have not_any not_problems using it either .
All the apps on my iPad have some issues , so if they are too annoying I delete them .
I use this app so much to find anything I want to learn how to do .
I love the secret boards option , but we should be allowed more than 4 .
Not a gamer , love having this when I m waiting and need to kill time .
Please reinstate this feature so I don t repin unnecessarily .
It s easy to use and never has not_crashed on me .
This is a good way to share ideas for home projects , style you might have in common , place you might want to visit or dream you could visit .
As far as I can tell , though , you still have to go to the full site to change board covers .
I wish this functionality was available when pinning regularly .
I think if that feature was added I would update my rating to 5 stars .
The more features , the more issues but overall it s great , you just have to have patience with the crashes .
I got the CPU version first and then I added the app to my phone .
I haven t had any issues with it yet !
Every girl needs this app .
The only down side is that I can t buy a majority of the products that I pin .
Which doesn t make applications like Wanelo any better .
I have made many a recipe and they have been delish !
I really like the new update where you can just hold down the pin and choose what you would like to do , without not_having to not_open it .
But I can t figure out how to search my own pins , I always see it on the update but I can never not_do it .
I have an iPhone 4 and have no not_problems with it .
I made some awesome thing and not not_so not_awesome things .
Everyone should have it such a fun app to learn sooo much !
Sevo19765 , I do have an issue with pins scrolling back to the top of the board .
Please fix it .
So many great ideas for dinner and how to be healthy .
Andie @ BB , I hate finding great ideas in a magazine only to not not_be not_able to find it when I need it .
I only post things I ll use .
The app is amazing , and the best part is that they continue to update it by answering all our prayers and fixing any problem that we see .
I loved being able to just save the pics to my iPod but now I can t do that and it s stupid that they changed it even though it was just fine !
The only comment I have is that sometimes pictures don t load or take a very long time to load or sometimes it crashes .
This could have more to do with the websites themselves rather than the app , but just something to note .
Works well see you can take your obsession with you wherever you go !
What did we do before Pinterest ?
Amazing I have found so many thing on here I pretty much planned my wedding with Pinterest love it and tell everyone about it ,
Hasn t had any bugs , and my favorite pass time !
It would be cool if under the edit board button you had the option to select all the pictures that you would want to move to another board .
I don t like the fact of some of the language that is now on some of the pins not not_appropriate for my not_teenager to be seeing or myself for that matter ,
any hints ?
I found out how to get the gum off following a post from someone .
Never had issues like with other apps , doesn t crash or is slow .
Only problem is that it closes unexpectedly .
The one thing I don t like is that it crashes a lot .
Magnessy , I love this app , my only problem is that I can never not_see not_all my liked pictures , it will refresh somehow , or something like that while I m scrolling down and it will go to the top of the list of pictures .
Please fix that .
I like how you can find almost anything , and whatever you find , Pinterest will show you things that are related .
But when looking for certain things , some info is missing .
Stop the censoring if its on a secret board only I can see it so leave me alone please ,
More steps to get where you need to go and harder to use .
Why can t a profile just disappear to blocked users ?
Just get it !
I would like to see if the techies can create a slide over in viewing images much like we see in iPhone s Photo App .
Oh and I would like to see strides made in linking and viewing You Tube videos .
I highly recommend it !
I just love this app !
Please fix this soon .
Just wish more secret boards were allowed .
I wish there was a way to filter out the websites that aren t active anymore when you click on ,
So many amazing ideas and the app itself is so easy to maneuver !
I especially love that you can now search for pictures on the Internet and , even better , send pictures you find on Pinterest or online to someone else .
I also love that you can take a photo of something with your phone and upload it to Pinterest from there .
At one point I was unable to delete a picture I had taken because there was no not_delete not_button .
\\n\\nIt s also inconvenient that I am unable to view all the pictures I have posted in a category on my phone .
I have not not_had not_any issues with the app on either my iPad or iPhone .
Also crashes , but I figure I have been on long enough .
It s so easy to pin and hasn t crashed on me ever .
Elleco04 , I didn t care for the iPad version , but the iPhone app is great for browsing , searching and pinning all those important things I need to pin now and read later .
My only complaint involves it crashing approx every 45 minutes on the IPad .
I have never not_had not_any problems and signing in , browsing , posting , basically everything is easy to do .
I definitely recommend it !
Only problem is that it kills my battery on my iPhone 4S .
It never not_crashes on my not_iphone4S and it s simple and easy to pin and view your boards and change up your boards .
I would consider it perfect if we could have folders or the like within a board .
I like it but it crashes sometimes .
I love using the app on my iPhone to actually pin everything because of how easy it is to just select what boards things need to go into .
I want the option to have the abc scroll when choosing the board .
It crashes sometimes but other than that .
Love Pinterest and have had no not_problems with the not_app ,
I love it but the app could use a little work .
Jwood777777 , Pinterest is great when you re bored or need inspiration .
I love Pinterest but don t like the way you have to pin stuff ,
These things were not a not_problem not_until the last update , now they ruin the experience : \\n1 .
App closes at random , no not_matter not_what page you re on and you lose the page you ve been looking at\\n\\n***Please fix ASAP , it used to be awesome !
Instead of making faster to share they need to focus on functionality and some customer service .
It s very easy to use , one flaw , you can t unfollow once you follow a pinner .
The app itself works great and hasn t froze or failed me yet !
The idea behind it , the way it s organized , almost everything about Pinterest is amazing .
The ONLY reason I am not not_giving the not_APP five stars , is a few little bugs and the occasional crash .
I think it would be nice if you could search other s pins , either overall or by pin board .
There are so many ideas and helpful tips .
It s full of so many great ideas and tips for everything you could ever want or need !
I highly recommend this to everyone !
But one ing the things I do a lot is save pins to my camera roll , and it would be epic if I could hold down a pin and save it : ) \\nBut overall , I m very happy with this app .
It s only crashed once , it s easy to use , it s fast to load .
I don t have any problems with any of it .
I love this app I use at least six times per week besides it sometime crashing it works very well ! )
The recipes and ideas are very helpful .
It crashes on my iPhone occasionally .
Helping me create my wedding !
I would like to suggest being able to make a new pin from a web page via mobile ap .
BUT , I just think if you share something to Facebook that you should still be able to tag friends in it .
This is a marvelous concept whoever came up with it is brilliant , and I recommend it to everyone ! ! ! !
Only thing I wish the app would allow us to do is delete or move a pin to a different board .
Just what was missing !
All that needs to be said .
How did I ever live w/o it ?
Will still crash and/or freeze every now and then on my phone .
Dear heaven , I can t figure out how to get this frozen install to STOP .
And it gets better every time they update it !
If you are looking for a great app stop your search you just found it !
\\nOnly flaws that I have found thus far are that the app occasionally crashes if you are on it longer than 30 minutes .
\\nThe last complaint I have is that I wish my boards were alphabetized rather than the order you created them in .
\\nEither way this app is the best , I can live with its flaws because it s the best app ever .
And the last couple updates have caused it to crash every time I try to view a pin .
The app crashes when I pin from a website and the touch and hold to pin or share and whatever isn t that great .
And I luv the new update , cuz it made it easier to pin things ! !
Cuz it would be nice to be able to do things when u r on vacation and don t have any wifi/ Internet !
It would also be nice if my boards could be categorized according to subject so that I could look under a subject when searching for a particular pin ,
However this latest update crashed my iPad mini to the point that I couldn t even turn it on !
And the app crashes a lot .
The app just annoys me .
Why don t you just roll back to the version before June 18th before all the complaints and fire the programmers that are rolling out these poorly tested updates ?
The craft ideas are fabulous , instructions are easy to follow , the pictures make any project a snap to learn and make .
I ve reinstalled it 3 times and it still crashes after about 10 15 minutes .
I get the greatest ideals , as ones I forgot how to do them .
Bring a dish and a cocktail , but you have to get recipe from Pintrest .
But I hate when I m scrolling & amp ; accidentally press the home button & amp ; when I try to go back to what I was browsing it refreshed & amp ; now there s a million other things & amp ; I can t find what I was looking at !
Only thing is it crashes after a while , which isn t a big problem for me actually ,
Recent updates fixed the issues I had with crashing .
I ve always loved pinterest , and the latest update made it so much better !
Awesome app , I haven t had any problems with it so far !
I can t even comment on the rest of the functions because I can barely use it .
This is what I ve found when using Pinterest : \\n\\niPad 1 Crashes every 5 to 10 minutes\\niPad 3 Crashes every 20 to 30 minutes ,
I have had some issues with it crashing , but it is rare .
It says `` no not_pins not_are currently available '' any and every where I click .
Pinterest used to be great , but since the last update it crashes a lot .
I can t change between apps without it not_having to not_load and taking for ever .
If it doesn t load it just crashes .
BUT i have full internet connection and everytime i try to look at pins it says no not_pins not_available .
I think you should have a school category to help anywhere from dealing with stress and sending little kids to school to college tips and what not .
I love this app I just wish you were able to have as many secret/private boards as you want .
The site is awesome & amp ; the updates have been great but still they need to fix it so that on the app you can actually see all your pins .
\\nLast review : \\nYay , another update & amp ; they added back the ability to edit pins .
The app has improved but still needs some work doesn t allow you to edit pins on the app & amp ; when looking at the boards you think you ve seen all the pins but if u go online you ll notice the board actually has more pins .
No problems with this app until the last update , now it crashes all the time .
I can t even look at the photos ! ! !
Hopefully crashes have been fixed as they were very frustrating .
Please don t make me hold , then slide my thumb to try hitting the target just so I can repin something .
What was wrong with the old way ?
But it crashes my IPad after every up date so it has to go .
I used to be able to click on the pin and it would take me to the link , now it just displays the pin , send , etc . ,
Please either fix the sensitivity of this feature or allow us to disable it if we choose .
While I do like the most recent features , it has been crashing a fair bit .
The only concern that I have is that I wish that you could pick and decide want you want the cover picture for the board to be .
There are still bugs that they need to work out !
Please add that back .
Please make it so I can Rearrange my Boards from the App .
I just got the update and and yes it s easier .
I crashed 10 minutes in on my iPod .
And now if I try to get back in its 5 minutes , if not not_less.while not_I like the new update , crashing is a major problem .
I want to choose where the pin is going and know its going to the right board so I can find it again .
Now , it takes me an extra step again since you have to open the pin first and then pin from there to choose the board .
I love the app and Pinterest but I don t need an email every time someone repins one of my pins .
Love Pinterest but adding a lot of changes that are not not_all not_good i don t like how it list how many pins there are on a board because now i realize i don t bother looking at others if they don t have a lot which is silly ! !
Also it CONTINUES to crash every 30 40 mins on my iPad AND iPhone : ( ,
WHY did you not not_fix the not_crashing problem with this latest update ?
\\n\\nUpdate 7 31 13 : another update indicating a fix for crashes but the app crashed within the first 5 mins after I updated .
I haven t had it crash once , even with my excessive repinning of animal pictures .
This app crashes on my ipod very often and the updates are getting rediculous i get confused now on how to repin thigs because it keeps changing ,
It is a great app and should be found on every doers device , so download it now and hope for updates .
\\n\\nInstead of scrolling through 300 boards looking for what I need , I should be able to have a yard board with 15 different sub boards ... patio , flowers , shrubs , vegetables , kid games , structures , walkways , fire pits , ponds and so forth .
Everyone needs bathroom board just not on not_top of the not_list .
On the iPad , it would be nice to have a drag and drop option if nothing else .
Recipes , DIY ideas , tips and tricks for everything , anything your heart desires you will be able to find and keep !
I am not not_able to not_do that any more and would love for that feature to be added again !
It also still has some stability problems .
Please fix latest update .
I wish you could search in your own pins .
Now it crashes constantly .
Liking things take so long you can t just tap on it you have to tap on the picture and then like it and you can t delete a pin or like please change it I beg you ,
Is there anyways that we can have a setting/update that will allow us to rearrange pins without not_reposting not_them ? ?
It crashed the first time I launched it after updating .
Although it is easily accessible and has great categories to choose from , it has some issues .
The zoom on a pic does not not_work not_so I usually can t read what it says and the in app browser is slow .
I love Pinterest but their app could use some tweaks .
I liked how easy it was to hold down the picture to repin and now you have to hold and drag .
I just updated the Pinterest app , and the new feature is great .
But it crashes every single time I open it .
The only way I get it to work is to open it , close it manually , and open it again .
I love the app but I think users should have the option to make their accounts private so they have to approve their followers .
I use to not not_be not_able to like photos because I didn t know how but know that they have upgraded the app it s much easier to use and I love it ! !
Unfortunately , lately it is crashing constantly .
Anyone else have this problem or know how to fix it ?
I don t understand why everyone is complaining about the like button so much but here s what I love and don t : \\n ?
this new hold to pin send etc so please guys no more not_complaining ! !
When I went to the Apple store , they told me lots of people had this problem .
It crashes on all iPods about every 30 to 45 minutes ,
Just curious , if I block user , they can not not_see me not_?
Is that correct ?
Sine updated I have had no not_problems with the not_app .
It crashes sometimes ,
Other than that I d recommend this app to anyone !
Would be nice to be able to rearrange boards via the app .
If it didn t crash so often it would be so much better to use !
\\n Only issue I m finding is when I pin too much onto a board ; I can t seem to access earliest pins .
Anytime I need a creative party idea or recipe I use it ... an app that is definitely worth having ! !
Need to fix why crashes so much\\nThanks ?
Every time I pin something , the app crashes .
Please fix this bug .
s Mama , I love the program , but it crashes frequently ! !
\\n\\nContinues to crash ! !
occasionally crashes though not not_often .
It will crash and close on you occasionally .
I can find soon much stuff that I love here and never not_crashes on me not_: ) best site ever invented !
I love Pinterest but it will sometimes crash !
I just open it again and it holds my place .
I don t have any problems with it and the pins are very easy to pin ! !
With this current update it crashed my iPad and my iPad wouldn t work for two days .
Once that started working Pinterest itself crashes almost every single time I try to pin something .
Ever since I ve updated my Pinterest app it crashes constantly .
It never not_crashes on my not_iPad , nor on my iPhone 4S .
The only downside I have found is there is no way to not_organize not_anything you put in the like category ... well not that not_I have not_found .
I have no not_problems with not_this App .
Hardly ever have issues .
hester1995 , I love Pinterest but this app still needs work .
I have had no not_problems not_whatsoever with Pinterest on my iPod .
Just get this app and # PinIt ,
See above !
Never had a problem with the app on my iPhone 4 ,
Whether you need a laugh , a recipe or a DIY project , it s a great app to use to find all three .
Although some people have had problems with it crashing , I ve never not_had not_any problems with it doing that .
Haven t had any issues .
I think its awesome and recommend it for everyone ,
Its a fun app but it crashes alot ,
Has never not_`` not_crashed '' on me .
Truly enjoying Pinterest and all the different ways I can use it .
The search function helps me find things like how to clean my microwave and what to pack for a trip and so much more .
Haven t had any problems on my iPhone , I absolutely love Pinterest great app ! ! !
But only 4 stars because I wish they would update the app to were we could do all the same stuff that s on a laptop version .
The only thing I would suggest is being able to search a keyword in a specific category .
Can t create new pins .
Seen others posting about it crashing .
I got a pinterest in November 2012 and since then I have not not_been not_able to stop pinning .
But I m warning you once you start you can t stop .
Sure the updates will create issues but no not_big not_deal for me .
I have never not_had not_any problems on my phone or iPad !
This app is great , the company continues to fix any issues that arise and make the product better ,
Love Pinterest and app , but wish phone app would allow turning to side for bigger viewing area !
There was an easy way to do that but it was changed in an update .
I haven t had an issues with app .
; ) I use it on the iPad2 and my iPhone 4S with no not_issues , not_so I don t seem to have the same problems others are talking about .
But I hate that it crashes all the time .
\\n\\nUpdate : I live the iPhone version but the iPad version does not not_work as it not_should .
Pinterest is where I find all the inspiration I need to continue creating and making crafts , I am not not_much of a not_craft person but the community on Pinterest is the best making it easy for many just to follow some clicks to find what they are looking for .
If I had to say anything bad it would be they should not have not_made it not_so addictive ?
The checkmark would then be there on the pins so after you have made the dish or painted the frame , you can check it as in Did That one on my To Do List Board .
Would be cool to keep track this way of the cool things I do and encouragement to do the other pins .
Pinterest keeps all my stuff just where I need it to be !
I like having access to my pins at anytime from my phone .
I have not not_had not_any problems as of yet .
Why pin if it isn t going to stick ?
I m lucky to get 4 or 5 pins done before it crashes since the last update .
In just the last 5 minutes it has crashed 4 times .
Friend has same issue .
This is a fun app to use , but it does have some problems .
I haven t experienced any of the problems with it crashing recently ( I have an iPhone 4S ) ,
Whether you re looking for inspiration , Humor , something to do or just a cute picture then this is for you .
Latest update caused app to crash ; however , the app has been fixed and I am happy again !
Still needs to make personal Boards Page so that they can be put in alphabetical order .
It sometimes shuts down , but that is such a MINOR problem for such a great app ! ! ! !
Since the last update all it does is crash .
Please fix that .
I wish there were an easier way to save the pictures to my own library so I can message them to specific friends .
It would be nice to tag people in my pins so they can see that the pin refers to them when the time warrants it .
I have it on my iPhone 4 and I ve never not_had not_any issues with it .
I helped a friend plan her wedding using Pinterest .
Love Pinterest , but sometimes it crashes !
PraiseCannon , Once you figure out how to use it .
It helps me create anything I could ever dream of creating !
Every time I open the app it crashes !
Love love the concept , but it crashes my iPad and iPhone ,
Every time I open the app it crashes .
When it does work ( which is rare now ) and I try to pin something , it freezes my phone then crashes .
Please fix ASAP !
I can never not_get not_enough , spend hours on it and am never not_ashamed to not_say so if you were just considering to maybe join you should no not_question not_about it : ) ,
However , I like that on the iPhone/iPod version you can open a page in Safari .
You can t open a page in Safari or print from the iPad app .
Please fix it : ) I love my Pinterest !
The only problem about it is when I want to look at a picture , it would sometimes exit me out of Pinterest ,
No problems so far on my new iPhone 4S unlike my old Samsung galaxy s. hopefully it stays this way !
I haven t had any problems using Pinterest on my iPhone !
it still crashes but it is a great App ,
Please , please , please fix this soon !
i love pinterest and ive found a lot of cool stuff from it , but the app keeps crashing ... please fix this ,
I m amazed how much it crashes and I ve had to reset my iPad FOUR times bc of this app !
I wish there was a way to remove the spam before we pin it !
When I open it back up my pace is retained , however the issue needs to be addressed .
I am a teacher and just love all of the great ideas here ! ! !
Pretty plain and simple , just like the website .
I works great , and they post cool pins .
Plus , it provides me with endless entertainment and ideas !
Great ideas but it still crashes ,
Pinterest worked perfect before but now every time I m on it for more then 2 minutes it crashes !
I m a researcher by trade , and can tell you that this visual way of finding information is efficient , interesting , useful , and ADDICTING !
The app not not_crash on me even not_once , it performed better then expected .
It may have used more power then other apps , but it uses heavy graphics all all boards , so it s a very nice app .
I have no not_problems with not_this app I love Pinterest a lot !
Every time I m in the app , it freezes on me ; what happen to my favorite app ?
Never had issues with crashing on my iPhone 4 !
On it all the time can find anything I need great tool for anything ,
I have never not_had a not_problem with this app .
Good app but tends to crash at times loosing info I have pulled up .
I have no not_problems not_except sometimes the images take a minute to load but that s any device .
Like everyone else on here , I LOVE Pintrest but the app crashes too much .
I am always working on a project from pinterest !
I use it to plan everything from dinner , to my lesson plans , to my wedding !
I made the mistake of thinking it was just something to do to kill time .
Site needs more followers for new pins .
After the last update It crashes every time I try to open it .
Please fix issue .
I can t leave home without my not_iPad and my not_mifi !
\\nPintrest is the most versatile app you can use it for all kinds of project it has so many\\nBoards .
Works amazing , I don t have a problem with crashing .
It crashes with the newest update but I m sure it will be fixed ASAP .
I have the 4s and have no not_issues with not_this app .
I would like it if there was a quick and easy way to see what is in your boards while browsing so that you don t repost pins you already have .
Rarely crashes for me .
I haven t had an issue with it !
Only problem is once at the bottom of the page it doesn t load any new pins .
I don t have a crashing issue .
The app allows me to browse when I need some distraction .
If I m out shopping I just pull it up And there it is to remind me what project ideas on and the stuff I needed to finish it .
But I mostly use it on my ipod and every time I unlock it while still on the app , it crashes .
Wasn t much of a bother at first but now it crashes every single time .
I love it I just think people need to get on it more for some more ideas but other wise it s great ! !
I ll admit it s not the not_fastest not_app , but I wouldn t expect lightening speed from an app that is constantly bringing down graphics .
Great app , had problems with it a few months back but it s all fixed now with the updates .
The problem is that more recent updates have cause it to crash a lot on my first generation iPad .
My life has been consumed with Pinterest from how to crochet to what to make for dinner .
I have no not_issues with not_crashes and love the new features !
Love it who needs magazines yet so addicting ,
No more crashes .
the app is great but every time i open it , almost immediately it shuts down and crashes .
Tells me I have too many pins , I deleted pins and bought more storage to pin more and still crashes .
I just wish there was a way to check off what you ve done .
I love Pinterest and have had very few problems .
But I ve never not_had not_any problems .
I can navigate categories , repin , favorite , create a board , or share a pin in a snap .
Using the app just flows so much better than when using a browser on any device .
Never crashes , never not_slow or not_freezes ... no not_problems .
Never had any problems with it .
Bilen05 , Once in a blue moon it crashes or just quits on me .
And I basically planned my wedding using Pinterest !
I haven t had any issues with the upgrade to this version .
Amberschaos , I ve never not_had a not_problem with this app/ site I love it and all the fun goodies it has \\nI m addicted to Pinterest ,
But it crashes a lot .
Thanks for adding that feature .
Instead of whole boards , I wish individual images could be checked off as private as they are pinned .
The links to websites always crash !
\\nI would like to see an option to retain the original format .
The new download does crash the first time you open it , but it ll open after 2 or 3 attempts which is a little annoying .
This is my favourite app , but now it is so slow to load and constantly crashes .
Other than the pins not not_loading not_occasionally and having to restart the app , I ve never not_had not_any other problems .
Only issue I have is when looking at pictures you can t zoom to see smaller details .
That could be a good improvement idea .
The last update has made this site crash a lot , very frustrating .
Anything you need to know how to do from killing insects in your garden to building a tree house and all the crafts tutorials you can dream of !
The only thing is that in the updated version , you can t send a pin in a text message like you could before .
Also , several times when I try to click on a pin to get a better look , it asks me what board I would like to pin it on rather than just opening up the pin .
\\nOnly problems is that from time to time it just shuts down completely , but will open right back up .
Never had any crashing problems with the app .
please put the alphabet back in the personal boards it takes to long to scroll down all the way to the end of my boards .
It s a great site to pass time when you have nothing else to do .
Ocassionally though it just crashes out of nowhere , ( even when I make sure nothing else is running and pulling on available RAM ) .
I would give Pinterest a 5 because I loveeee everything about the app ... ..but unfortunately ever since I updated it , it tends to crash from time to time .
There are times when a computer just isn t available .
I don t know about other users , but my iPad mini never not_crashes on not_this app .
I have already made many of the recipes I have found and love all the variety .
It is great to be able to follow a friend or see albums they have created .
Awesome app , never have not_problems !
I just pinned it two days ago , and when I type in the key word it just says no not_pins not_available and I m like well THAT S wrong : ( ,
The app works great for me , has not not_crashed not_yet .
I have an iPhone 5 and no not_issues with not_crashing .
I have had no not_problems with it on my not_iPhone .
I m not not_sure not_what causes it , but I hope it gets fixed in the next update .
I have the iPhone 5 and I have absolutely no not_problems with not_opening it or anything .
I see below that a lot of people say it crashes a lot .
However , I have been having problems with my iPhone as a whole .
So maybe it s just an Apple problem ?
BUT there are still crashes , so I miss out on pins and following new pinners .
Any advice ?
Sodapop3333 , I dont like how Pinterest changed that you actually have to go into a post instead of just liking it while you browse .
But i updated and now it crashes like every few pins ... Soo yah ,
It still freezes and crashes out sometimes though .
I haven t had any problem with it !
It crashed on my 5 times ... today .
App crashes constantly and there is serious lag .
There are so many ideas to pin !
the app is absolutely amazing and only gets better with every upgrade , which I never not_really not_needed .
5/5 for Pinterest , but the app needs some work !
It constantly crashes i usually have to reboot my phone to unfreeze it .
I really like the idea of an electronic pin board to share with friends , however it would be nice if there were not not_so not_many duplicate pictures/ posts .
I just love Pinterest !
I shouldn t have to click on some horrible picture just to report it , it never not_should have not_been posted to begin with .
There are so many great ideas !
Need to learn how to do some house keeping like get pins in right group , delete any pinned more than once , just try to get it more organized if this is possible Would love to know where to find directions .
When I m out and about I like to take a break from what is going on and enjoy pinning things to do , which can t happen when app fails .
I haven t had any problems with crashing .
Can t stop pinning ! !
Also , I don t like how you have to scroll all the way down to like something .
It is available in the iPhone app but not on not_iPad .
I love Pinterest , please fix it right away .
Bug that shuts it down needs to be fixed !
Occasional crash , but nbd .
I don t know what happen , if I downloaded a new update or something , but every time I pin something from the ipad , it crashes !
And see what I need to buy to make the crafty stuff I pinned in my boards : ) love it !
Don t know what these others reviewers are having problems with , app works great .
Have been using the app forever , but now it is constantly crashing .
Pintrist has everything you need when you need it .
Please fix this .
Great way how to do pretty much everything there is to do ! ! ! !
It would be nice to be able to send pins as a group message !
Since the latest update my the app crashes my iPad with every pin .
I used to adore this app but since the latest updates it crashes constantly .
Please fix ASAP .
I am addicted to Pintrest however apples app constantly crashes ! ! ! ! !
And the app makes it easy to access your pins , so if you have a recipe or project pinned and are at the store buying supplies when you forget what you need , you can look it up !
I love the fact that you can organize your interests any way you like .
It never not_had the not_issue before the last update .
Please fix it !
The iPad App Currently has a problem with crashing every so often unexpectedly .
About every 6th 7th pin or search crashes to desktop .
Every time I pin something it crashes !
Every time I open it on ipad or iPhone it crashes with in seconds of it the light on ipad times out , when you turn it back on , the app is frozen and crashes right after .
and I haven t had any problems with it crashing or with the updates .
Also , please fix the bug that causes the app to crash when I fling to scroll on the far right side of the page .
I must be one of the luckier iPhone 5 users that hasn t had any issues with this app .
Some ideas pinned are nothing short of crazy but most ideas work really well !
Just wish I could add a pin it button to my iPad and iPhone browser !
The only problem , it s addictive !
Once in a while it will crash , but generally I like the Pinterest app ,
New version crashes all the time , I ve tried restarting my iPhone , not not_sure not_what else s to do ,
They can all be found on Pinterest !
It gets frustrating though because it crashes all the time on my iPad .
Totally recommend it !
Although , I have one current problem .
The app seems to crash a log ,
If you don t have this app , you need to hop on board !
I love this app but it crashes a lot on my iPhone .
Please fix this .
The app needs work !
It has crashed my phone a couple of times .
Since the upgrade it crashes .
Please do another upgrade .
Constantly crashes while using app ,
The newest revision to this app has made Pinterest fabulous .
Riley 02 , This app will not not_work ,
How did we live without not_this ! not_?
Hate how often the App crashes on my phone .
It s good but how do you add pins ?
I have not not_had the not_same issues of crashing .
I love that you can hold a pin and repin right on the home page or search pages .
\\n\\nHowever , you can t tag people in pin comments or move boards .
Furthermore , once you do pin you can not not_add a not_URL to the pin as a source .
I don t know why so many people are having problems but I haven t had any on my iPhone or iPad that I can think of .
Maybe once or twice it crashed but it works just fine now .
However if so many people are having problems it should get fixed .
Please keep up the good work !
Amazing app , but the latest update continually crashes on both my iPhone and iPad ,
Please fix this !
Never once had a problem and it s awesome !
It gives me great ideas for how to live my life and decorate it too !
Whenever I need some idea for do something specifically I come here to see the pins .
I have never not_had not_problems with this app crashing so they must have fixed the problem .
Since the new update crashes a lot .
It has some cool things for almost anything you need to do .
I pin as much as I can on down time & amp ; go back to them whenever I need new fresh ideas ,
I ended up going to the apple store because my phone was crashing several apps ( mainly Pinterest ) but I was told if I turned off ( just for a couple of seconds ) my iPhone or iPad once a week to reset my memory and it would prevent crashes .
I wish that you could rearrange subject areas so that they do not not_appear in not_time order but rather by my favorites at the time Other than that I love it !
No crashes .
Never had any problems .
I downloaded this app just after having my first baby .
\\nI love how you can organize your pins , and for someone who never not_used the not_website , just this app , it was very user friendly .
In on an iPhone 5 and have never not_had it not_crash though .
No crashes here ,
To have it so easily available through the app is fantastic !
I also wish there was a way to make sub boards .
But it crashes a lot , please fix it !
I have not not_had a not_problem with it .
I love this app I never not_get not_tired of it , but lately out of nowhere it will crash .
What I don t like is the fake pins , it would be really good if you am get ride of that .
HATE the last update it crashes CONSTANTLY since the latest update .
I see so many things I want to do but then can t get off Pinterest to actually do them : ) I am having an issue with the app freezing up and shutting down unexpected .
Sometimes this app fails , but it works very well all the other times .
The only reason why I gave it 4 and not not_5 not_is because sometimes it crashes .
Love this site but crashes at times and tries to pin items not not_selected ,
Amazing , I could use this app all day LOVE IT ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
The only issue I have with it is that you have to be accepted in order to be a member .
Highly supported site and always improving !
UnrulyK , I need a Pintervention , I love this app ! ! !
\\nWish there was a way to block the people always posting the super diet crap .
I have never not_had not_any problems with this App on my iPhone or my iPad .
The only problem I have with it is sometimes it just turns off right in the middle of my scrolling or it freezes .
I find that it crashes once in a while and it makes it difficult to upload photos from my photo album ,
Since last update it crashes every time I repin something on my iPad !
It s like making new friends you wish you could thank in person .
Update lately Pinterest has been crashing .
Would be nice if this could be fixed .
There is so many wonderful ideas and crafts you could do .
Haven t had any problems and it s nice to have access to my pins on my phone .
\\n\\n However , I just updated the app today and the pins no longer not_show not_up only grey boxes appear = no not_creative not_inspiration ! !
It s where I go to get ideas that are out if the box..love it ! !
It s OK on my iPhone , but my iPad crashes all the time .
It crashes too many times while repin the photos .
It has pretty much everything you need to organize , save money , redecorate , laugh , garden , you name it .
Where was this back in the 80 s ? ?
I can create , share and manage photos from hobbies , events that I love the most and special interests and more .
There are a few bugs still but otherwise the app is very nearly as good as the website .
I use this app more than any other and I never have a not_problem not_such as crashing .
I DESPISE the fact that you have to tap on the image to get to the like button .
Btw mine has never not_crashed ,
I rarely have not_problems with it .
Just make sure you finish labeling them before you post them .
Please fix this ! ! !
The only down side to a search is if I try to get too specific on some things , but I almost ALWAYS find what I was looking for AND MORE ! ! !
We used it all the time sort of like Google when we need something for dinner or fundraising ideas very cool ,
I love Pinterest but I ve some issues with some of the webpages that they suggest , they either don t open or it crashes .
Plus I can usually find a pin when I m on the go and need to look at a recipe or something else I ve pinned .
Whatever you are into , you will find elements of interest here .
My app Never crashes ! ! ? !
After installing the latest update on my ipad the app crashes when it opens ... please fix !
After learning how to use it , it is the only way I do Pinterest now .
I haven t had any issues with this app .
I just bought a home and I use this to save all the paint colors & amp ; ideas I m looking for the house .
I love pintrest but just wish that it wouldn t crash !
If that could be fixed it would be 5 stars for me .
It s all on one easy site , I recommend Pinterest to all my friends and we are constantly sharing new finds all the time !
I ve never not_had not_issues with it crashing on my iPad or iPhone .
But it still has problems recognizing photos on tumblr when they are in a set .
This is also a problem on my laptop .
Is there a way to fix this ?
But after the most recent upgrade it CONSTANTLY crashes ! !
i hope the next update resolves these issues !
I love this app so much , but at random times it will crash and you have to let it reload .
Constantly need to tap image to see .
I use Pinterest literally every day and I never have not_any not_problems .
The only downside is that it crashes every now and then but not not_often .
It is a great idea & amp ; addictive .
I would have to agree with others that it crashes too often .
I use this app a lot when I can t sleep at night : ) ,
I love this website it gives soo many beautiful ideas for everything I just love it ,
Hasn t crashed on me at all : ) ,
This crashes constantly , is slow , and you can t add a pin unless you re simply repinning from another pin .
I wish you could better filter the pictures you see , there is way too much repetition .
Everyone should have one !
Can t wait for more updates ! ! !
Love it on my iPhone 5 and iPad ; ) never not_had an not_issue with the app at all !
I used to be a great fan but the new app crashes too many times and Imcan print anything directly from the app .
I love Pinterest but it crashes from time to time on my iPad .
A very good app that could just have adult warnings without the not_censorship and not_deleted pins ... ,
Now , I can t even last a few clicks on my iPad without not_getting the not_boot .
I updated the app and every time I opened it , it crashed .
What does it not have not_? not_?
I love Pinterest but with app it constantly crashes !
Whenever I try to tap on a pin or repin it crashes .
Only problem I have is that app crashes on occasion .
I wish that the app would hold my spot when I back out of it !
Reh251 , So many ideas and inspiration , life was so much more dull before Pinterest .
The only negative is that I still can t figure out how to delete pins unless I m on my Mac !
Never have problems with this app .
I love Pinterest but during the update my iPad kept crashing and restarting for almost 24 hours , then when my iPad came back normal the updated Pinterest would crash every time I d try to pin an item .
What an amazing app even when u r not not_looking for not_things you get ideas love that you can keep them in files for when you wanting something ,
sparklekim , I have , in the past year on Pinterest , planned a surprise party , wedding , and a future closet .
I plan to go on for a few seconds but stay on for hours !
It does crash or freeze a fair bit so that can be annoying , but generally pretty good .
It crashes constantly or gets stuck and won t do anything .
Only problem is once I pin an idea into a board , it is hard to find again .
When I create a new board I have a heck of a time reorganizing .
I have had no not_problem on my not_iPhones nor iPad .
There is so many great ideas for home decor , beauty , etc . ,
Please correct the bugs and restore promptly !
I had some problems with it shutting down on me but after deleting it and re installed the problem was fixed .
I don t like the fact that you have to `` hold '' the pin to repin it .
It just wastes time .
Also a way to show one s own work and ideas .
This version is crashing quite a bit .
My system was crashing due to the new update , however it has stopped and works well now .
I only thought I would be using Pinterest for recipes , but WOW , I am amazed at how helpful it has been with everyday needs by typing in a search .
Please fix the last update Jul 19 2013 .
However , it needs more security .
I want to have more control over who follows me .
Every time I pin something , it crashes .
If I don t pin something , it gets tired of waiting and crashes anyway .
I have had no not_problems not_using it on my iPhone 4 .
I like that you can now simply press on a pin to repin it .
The only issue I find is it has delays loading posts and some times will double post things .
Never have any problems ,
You NEED an iPad version .
Great app , but has a glitch it crashes every once in awhile .
I like it but it doesn t load up as fast and crashes ; ( ,
\\nSince last update love has gone down much slower than before update now totally takes you out you have to come back in an the `` fetching updates '' takes forever ,
Just keep pinning .
I haven t had any problems ,
I love this app it s so fun just to browse the picture I love it : ) beware it can get VERY addicting ?
They ve fixed when the app crashes , and when it does crash , it s pretty rare .
Never had any issues .
Please fix this problem so I can enjoy the app again .
Im absolutely addicted to pinteres , so it makes me so happy that it is now conveniently available on my phone : ) soo fun and it keeps all the ideas i find online in one place ,
I love they app but it crashes every time I open it .
\\nI love how you can express yourself through pictures , connect with others , educate yourself , learn new healthier ways to live , smile , share , hobbies , you name it , it is here for you to experience ; all with a safer atmosphere .
I love this app , but the fact that it crashes so much can be frustrating .
Now on iPad , it crashes every time I open it .
Please fix these issues in the current upgrade .
This app works great and they continue to make changes to it , like Touch and hold to pin directly from main board .
How should I do my make up ?
Can t add original pins !
Everyone keeps saying though that the app is crashing because of the new update but I have never not_had not_many problems with this app ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Great ideas , but has been crashing a LOT since last update .
I used it to plan my wedding , I get recipes from it all the time , and I love looking at the fashion ideas .
The only problem I have is that I spend too much time on it !
I haven t had any problems with this app ! ! !
But I am unable to invite people to pin on my board with this app ?
Maybe I m not not_sure not_how to or if there is a problem !
It has a few bugs , but it is overall very good .
Is there a way to get back to the earlier version ?
App crashes often .
Great app ( and I m a Pintrest addict ) , but it has been crashing like crazy .
I definitely recommend this app ,
It s not not_working not_right now .
I can view my pins , but not the not_notifications , not_I can t search and my `` feed '' doesn t show up .
Just says `` no not_pins not_available '' .
I love Pinterest and haven t had any problems getting the update to work on my iPhone 4 !
Thanks for adding the hint that I ve already pinned something .
Can we get that for the iPhone ?
It does not not_crash on me and not_its so timely and helpful ! ! !
Once you re on , you can t escape .
I have not not_had not_any problems with the new update , works fine .
I have no not_problems with it .
No crashes .
Never crashes or freezes up .
Just love this site !
I love having it on my phone I never have not_any not_problems with it crashing !
The press and hold way to pin things is genius and makes it super easy to pin things fast and easily .
If you are having problems with it you might want to check to see if there is an update waiting to be uploaded in the App store .
In addition , when searching online , it would be great to be able to follow someone , even when in the App , which you can t do right now .
Please bring back the save to camera feature for pins on secret boards .
I don t get the crashing problem a lot of people mention in their reviews .
Planned my whole wedding on this site and learned how to cook a few new things : ) ,
And when on my iPad I can t search by category anymore .
Love this app except since the new update , the app freezes and crashes almost every time I open it !
The newest update definitely has issues .
My iPad and iPhone are now crashing quite often .
Never crashes on either of my Apple devices .
Great app and the ideas are ever so impressive ! !
Please bring the alphabet back to the sidebar !
s Mom09 , I just love this ... .great ideas and great recipes ! !
Good content but does crash if open too long .
The app could use some work , but most of the time it work just fine .
I haven t had any problems with it .
I m not not_sure not_what these other people are talking about , mine has never not_crashed and not_I ve never not_had not_any problems at all .
I have never not_had a not_problem with this app and hope they keep up the good work !
I love this app , and seek to it when I need to find new ideas whether it be for DIY , Or awesome new recipes .
Now it crashes every time I use it .
Please fix this soon !
The most recent update of this app crashes a lot , and does not not_save your not_place if you close out of the app .
Crashes more and it would be nice to manage boards more like deleting pins but overall a great App !
If only there was an easier way to split boards when they become too full !
Not only REALLY fun to look at but has great information you can use on a day to day basis .
I love Pinterest , it provides you with so many great ideas !
But they have a problem with dropping on an app .
They had a big problem with this and there was a great fix a couple months ago .
Older version better , sometimes can t figure out why certain subjects are so short .
I have made several things off of it and they have turned out great ... runs smoothly !
I still haven t figured out how to take care of that but overall it s my fav app !
So frustrating , it crashes every few seconds .
What s taking so long to fix this .
Sometimes it does crash , and then I just close the app and open again ,
I browse and pin very frequently and never have not_any not_problems .
Sometimes crashes but still works really well !
The iPad app seems to crash frequently but it only takes 30 seconds to get back to where I was .
From inspiring Bible verses to how to paint a room .
Always crashes .
I never have not_any not_problems and can t get enough of this site .
The only difference between Pinterest and actual friends is that there are so many people and ideas that you or your friends may not not_be not_aware of .
What should I do ?
Love having Pinterest on my ipod , only thjbg it crashes when it gets overloaded with large pins if ive been on it a long time .
As soon as I got that new update my app crashes as soon as I open it ,
I haven t had any issues yet .
I have iPhone 4 and I have no not_problems with not_this app .
I wish you could save your spot .
Every time I open this it crashes almost immediately .
Please fix these bugs so I can start pinning again .
At first this app had some bugs but they seem to have been fixed ( thank you ) .
Please keep it going Love everything about it !
There are so many great ideas , fashion tips , recipes & amp ; hair tips that keep me occupied & amp ; informed .
\\nAfter the last update it crashes every time I get on .
Please fix this ! ! ! !
Works well on my IPad , sometimes will crash and also woks well on my Samsung phone .
I have no not_problems with it not_crashing at all like the other reviewers did .
Great ideas are here , and tutorials .
I have an IPhone 5 and I don t have any issues , I m on there everyday .
It is absolutely one of my favorite things to do when I need a break .
The photos are always fun to browse through and the ideas you get from other people are amazing .
It s never not_crashed for me , not_but it has shut itself off after hours of prolonged use .
Haven t had any serious problems .
Ever since the last update , the app crashes CONSTANTLY .
If you get this app you may not not_be not_able to do anything else .
We need a support group for Pinterest addiction .
But no not_up not_every time I open it , it crashes !
Like seriously please fix it !
I like the app but it seems to crash a lot ,
I love this app because I can get my addiction in on the go , but it crashes and when it does I have a hard time trying to find the pin I was looking at : ( : ( ,
App will close for no not_reason and not_am not not_able to not_find what I was looking at when I reopen .
Please put them back .
I can t click on a board .
Then I can t click on the pin to take me to a website , it just re pins the same thing over .
I ve yet to have any problems .
I love that it tells me I may have already pinned something and I like that it will suggest recent boards I ve pinned to .
Of course the app crashes and the space it uses is an issue .
I do not not_know not_why people say it crashes !
I have an issue opening it sometimes but that happens only every once in a while .
Other than that I have no not_issues and not_love it .
It crashes more frequently than before the update , I don t know what is wrong .
I recommend this to everyone I know .
What happened to the categories ?
It crashes every time I pin something .
It has never not_crashed on me ,
I just luv Pinterest .
JENNIFERDAVIS12612 , I have had zero problems from this app .
This latest update has problems .
The first version if this app crashed all the time .
Since this last update mine hasn t crashed once .
I have had no not_issues with not_this on my iPhone or iPad .
It s a great place to find new ideas and I have even learned how to up my crochet skills through different pins ! !
I really like this app , but it crashes a lot .
The only thing I don t like is that you cant save a picture though the app .
It would be nice if I could share with a particular friend on Facebook .
I m not not_sure not_what happened in the most recent update but I can t use the app on my iPad for more than 5 minutes without it not_crashing .
You can have secret boards to gather ideas for something you aren t ready to make public , like a wedding or new baby .
App is working quite well on my IPad , it did crash once , but have had no not_further not_problems .
I really like this app , I have had no not_problems with it .
The only problem I have is getting off and going to bed .
Love Pinterest ... you can find and pin most anything you are interested in ... you can organizing your interest ,
Only problem is wham I open pin and get message that it is spam .
If there is problem with pin remove it instead of only making it where you can t open .
The only problem with the site is that more people should explore the Internet and find some of their own things to pin .
I know there is a way to flag pins , but if the creators could just figure out a way to filter this out in the first place , it would make this best app ever !
I love this app but the latest app makes my iPad freeze up and crash .
Works , but crashes and closes out periodically .
It was fine , but now it crashes ALL THE TIME .
I would like to see the possibility of the landscape view on my iPad .
I have not not_had not_any issues with this app .
It crashes after extended use but It doesn t really bother me that much ,
Love Pinterest but the app crashes every time I open it ,
Please fix this problem !
( until it crashes ! )
\\n\\nStill relaxing to use and it seems to crash a little less not_often .
Sometimes it crashes but not not_enough to not_be annoying .
Please fix that !
The first version I downloaded crashed all the time and was junk ( about 8 months ago or so ) , but it has seen significant improvement since then .
Sometimes it will crash but then it starts right back up again .
Always provides great quotes and ideas for home decor ,
I can t get enough of it ... .thank you please continue with the updates so it can continue working smoothly , i havent had a problem yet ,
Only complaint is I can not not_see not_how to zoom images .
Always has what I m looking for and awesome ideas !
I have no not_problems with the not_technological downloading stuff that some say gives them issues ,
If you downloaded new app and not not_working not_now you will need to contact Pinterest through the app then tell them your problem and give them your email .
It is very clean & amp ; well put together and I highly recommend it to anyone and everyone of my friends .
I only started using it a week or so ago and I already have 18 boards , 932 pins , 9 followers and I m following 7 .
I m finding things that I didn t even know I wanted to know ! !
Now I just need to get started on those recipes and craft ideas that I pinned .
I live that you could get recipies and DIY crafts .
\\n\\nIt would be perfect in a flipbook format that you could page through like a real book .
You guys know what you are doing to make this work and definitely keeping me happy !
Pretty goo app , haven t had any problems ,
I am now unable to open the links to my pins from the app .
What s the point of pinning if I can t open the link ?
Thank you for keeping up the maintanence of the site so it has any bugs quickly cared for so the public has such an ease of using it to benefit all .
I love Pinterest but the app can be really slow and crash or shut down my phone from time to time .
disneydiva84 , Crashes every time since last update on phone and iPad .
I have never not_had not_any problem at all with it .
I have been using it more and more now that Pinterest has made more changes that just seem to make things more difficult esp .
How about the ability to easily move boards around ?
Is there a reason they want us lingering there so long ?
The crashing should be fixed .
\\nEdit : after the new update it randomly crashes .
Crashes EVERY TIME I open this app ... .please make another update ! !
Sometimes it crashes but it will come right back up ,
Works wonderfully , I ve never not_had a not_problem .
I really lose my track time when I m checking out Pinterest that s my only problem , great ideas and I ve had no not_problems with not_crashes . : ) ,
I have an iPhone 5 and have had no not_problems with the not_app whatsoever .
This app is usually good , sometimes it crashes randomly in the middle of a search but not not_too not_often .
Not sure what people are saying about it crashing with the new update , but I know that happens .
However , since the latest update it crashes every time I open it !
I wish I could do it all day ?
pintrest is my fav app im on it 24/7 everyone should have this !
Haven t had any problems ,
I haven t had any problems since the last update .
It s great and it never not_crashes !
Please define what `` art '' is .
I have gotten so many projects and ideas from it and am planning my wedding right now .
It s very frustrating sometimes because it will suddenly crash when I m using my iPad .
There isn t one thing I can t find on Pinterest .
One Star for this current version as with other reviewers I had no not_problems not_until this later update .
They have great updates recently and haven t has issues with the app at all ,
I have no not_problems with the not_app ,
I have no not_issues , not_each update makes it better and more user friendly .
The app crashes in the startup screen .
Since the last update I have been having problems with crashes .
I have found that it crashes less not_often the not_slower you move from thing to thing but it use to not not_do not_this please fix don t want to lose this source of information .
The new update fixed a lot of the old , annoying issues I had with the app .
I recommend this app if you love Pinterest , especially with the new update .
It requires me to delete it when it gets over 1 gig as i am out of space .
This has been an on going , yet troublesome problem .
I just love Pintrest you can post your projects and get other ideas from other people .
But at times it will freeze and crash on me .
Yes it has crashed on me before but when it doesn t whew what fun ! !
Haven t had too many issues with this app .
The app crashes far too often ! ! !
I love how all you have to do is hold down on a photo and just slide to either pin or like , way easier and faster than just clicking on the photo itself and pressing pin !
I haven t had any problems with this app at all since downloading it .
I use this app nearly every day and hardly not_ever have a not_problem with it .
You have to search them out back at the main Pinterest site .
App crashes from time to time and occasional problems getting a pin to go through but each new version seems to be working on these issues .
I highly recommend it to anyone looking for fun ideas and informative information !
Pinning made easy ! ! !
Have loved other updates ... ... this one has constantly crashed .
For the most have had no not_issues .
When I updated the app my iPad shut down .
I have not not_had not_any update issues .
Or photography is like for photographers , doesnt give really photo ideas which is what i was looking for : / ,
I don t have the crashing problems so many are complaining about .
Unfortunately the app crashes at least once very time I use it so there is a definite bug that needs help .
I haven t had any problems with it on my iPhone 5 .
The app is great and never not_crashes on me .
The biggest problem is that it has a tendency to crash .
\\n\\nI am not not_sure not_if there is a problem with the way I am trying the sites I use to be able to click on the site and receive the instructions ( after I logged in ) , now however when I click on the site I can only choose to follow the pin or cancel it altogether .
\\n\\nArtist and crafters Keeping posting ! !
Never had a problem .
Has lots of ideas for everything , but you have to make sure the links are what it says it is .
I haven t had no not_problems on my not_iPad !
I haven t had many problems .
I ve never not_had not_any issues .
I just downloaded the update and was happy to see the `` previously pinned '' alert .
Now , please add a `` thank you '' feature to acknowledge those that follow boards .
I love Pinterest just like any other pinner out there .
I love this app I love the updates and I have had no not_problems with it at not_all on my iPhone ,
The only bad thing is that the app crashes a lot .
Love the site but it s always crashing on my iPad and iPhone even though I keep it up to date .
Just love it !
It is helping me plan my wedding for different ideas .
I love Pinterest and this is a great version but needs to stop crashing ,
I love Pinterest but here in the last few days ( maybe I updated it ) I can t stay on for more than five minutes before it closes .
Love Pinterest and usually love the app but since the last update it has been crashing on me CONSTANTLY !
I love this app but it crashes too much .
\\nOne suggestion for next update : it would be nice to be able to share secret boards with chosen people .
Sometimes when I click on a pin to view it better Pinterest would crash before I can hit the pin it button .
I never have not_issues .
Great app but crashes way too often .
Works great , have not not_had not_any problems .
Can t use Pinterest because it constantly crashes .
Still having problems with it crashing but other than that pinterest is by far my most favorite thing ! !
Maybe if the button like before just popped up the window like hold does that would be better .
And now you have to actually open the pin to heart it , makes me not not_want to not_do that .
Never have had a problem .
Since then last update , this app crashes after being open .
Plus if you switch screens and then come back to the app , you loose what you were looking at/doing and you have to restart it all over again .
How to ect everything ! ! ! ! !
Once I start I can t stop !
The only problem is that you have to click the picture to like ,
Every app has bugs , they always will .
This app doesn t have any problems .
The only problem is that after the app is open for a long time , it will automatically close , which can get annoying .
I m hooked and I can t stop !
It crashes ... crashes .
When I tried to reorganize my boards by sending some pins to a different board , the app continually crashed .
It also glitches on loading the entire board and often has to be refreshed if the board has more than a few hundred pins .
I haven t had any problems with this app , only good things to report thus far !
Never had any problems with it .
Pinterest is addictive and better than shopping , it gives me great ideas on how to mix and match my wardrobe ! !
Please fix this .
I heard a lot about it loving it on the Kane show 99.5 and found a friend who was in Pinteret just love it ,
Thanks for adding the psst you already pinned this !
Randomly says `` no more not_pins not_available '' or will not not_let me not_see details .
\\n\\n***Update : many of the bugs have been fixed .
I can t rearrange my boards like I use to , the app crashes , before pinning the box moves either up or down on my screen and there are times I m clicking constantly on an item and I just can t pin it ! !
Please fix the glitches so the app can be awesome as well ! !
The app has been crashing every couple minutes ever since the new update .
This app used to work so well and I love Pinterest but now every single time I pin something it crashes and closes out on me !
It s a bug that I ve reported to the Pinterest team that flat out said to me that they don t support that kind of request so that they can focus on providing a better experience .
Oh yea and the app crashes also .
Doesn t ever crash for me .
I haven t had any problems yet : ) ,
Please please please fix .
Just like the website .
I love , love , Pinterest , but since the last update the app crashes whenever I try to visit the source of a pin .
The only issue I have , is that on the app it loads a whole bunch of random people s pins .
I wish there was a way to see just the people I m following ( like on the computer ) .
You can stay on your initial search screen and just press and hold your finger on the thumbnail to pin it to a board !
Please add it .
it has ideas about everything but it does crash a lot please fix the problem people so we can continue enjoying everything it has to offer ! ! ! ! ! !
I tried to update this and it turned its self off and took at least half an hour to turn back on .
\\n\\nI really need to know if this is fixed now because I deleted the app and don t know if I should chance re downloading ,
I have found tons of ideas I want to try ( recipes , crafts , organization ) and I just love the humor section for a good laugh !
It s a good app when it s not not_crashing .
Please fix it .
No problems with new update , can interfere with sleep , could be on it all night , great app ! ! !
No problems downloading , and I love the new quick pinning they added by holding your finger on the pin .
However the Like button should be easier and shouldn t require opening up the pin first .
Crashes every so often , but I use that as a sign that I need to get off .
I find myself on Pinterest instead of working like I should be , don t know if that s a good thing or a bad one : ) I have found awesome ideas for home , clothes , and the smallest things I never not_knew not_I needed .
I love that I can just pull up a recipe while I am at the store so I can purchase all the ingredients I need right then & amp ; there .
\\nI wish there was an easier way to rearrange your pins other than having to go back to each pin .
But it s good and never not_crashes for me .
Never had a problem with app on my iPhone or iPad !
I haven t had any problems .
This crashes less not_than not_before ,
App frequently crashes !
Makers take suggestions to heart and update and correct issues accordingly !
It would be great if there was a way to check off the you have completed ... it would be satisfying !
Once you learn how to work it , you won t stop .
I can t function without not_Pinterest .
LaurenAshley3 , A few months ago , this app wasn t the sleekest , but at least I could use it .
If it does , it takes several minutes and promptly crashes before I can navigate the app .
Never have a problem : ) definitely addicted !
However , the iPhone app crashes frequently .
Please fix it !
iPad and web should have those options as well ,
There isn t any political advertising , unlike Facebook where it s in your face consistently and there is no way to not_get not_rid of it .
I can t live without it ! !
I do love that you updated it to recognize when you have already posted something .
I have found tons of recipes and ideas to implement in preschool classroom , church nursery , home , and Girl Scout troop and everyone is always asking : How do you come up with this stuff ?
Does crash periodically but not not_often not_enough to bother me .
There is so much information and creative ideas !
Hasn t crashed on me yet , and I have an iPhone 5 .
Updates have addressed issues I had with the app .
Since the latest update it crashes SO much now .
I NEVER had a problem before .
see above .
This app crashes too often for me to give it a better score .
Just before I complain out loud , a fix comes along to fix it .
Latest version fixes the complaints I had about crashes with the previous version\\n\\nLatest updates crashes immediately upon launch .
You can easily hurry up and look it up or just for easy access when something is on your mind .
Haven t had any crashing problems with my iPhone .
You can t just pop in and pop out of Pinterest !
Thankfully I haven t had any trouble with it crashing .
I have never not_had a not_crash problem or anything .
I do have an issue since this last update but , \\nneedless to say I love the and I m addicted .
\\nJust please fix the 502 error kicking me off and back\\nto my screen , issues .
The only thing bad about it is mine does not not_work not_unless I m connected to wifi .
Once in a while it will crash but it s only occasional .
Besides that I recommend it to anyone !
But sine the update it crashes every now and then .
Please fix this !
This is a new problem .
I LOVE Pinterest and have no not_complaints with the not_desktop version , but the app crashes a bunch .
It literally crashes every time I use it , which is everyday .
Please fix it soon !
It s an amazing app that you can find basically anything on !
It crashes since update and you can only talk to other pinners in comment section and that should be changed !
Never any system crashes for me .
Has crashed every time I have attempted to use it for the last three days .
Anything I need to find is here !
Thinking about adding my own pins .
I love Pinterest , but it is constantly crashing !
I love accessing mobile but often can t access links ! ! !
The previous version was great , but since the latest update it crashes every time I pin something .
Anyone can use it .
But the layout of the app here is the best .
I do recommend to the developers to please put a `` mark as spam '' flag on every pin .
Works well with few crashes .
I use the application every day and have no not_problems with it not_except for occasional response delays and even more rare app crashes , but I think that weaker Internet connection plays a role with these , instead of it just being an error with the app .
\\n\\nBut I don t know if its just me but their adding its just staying with the same pins ,
Never had any problems it is great .
However , it crashes sometimes and I have to delete and re download .
It s a decent app , and the recent updates have been well received , but they really need to fix their browser .
Occasional crashing ,
I have an iPhone 4S and haven t had any problems with update .
I have made great meals that I would never have not_looked for not_before .
Since I updated the app it wont clear my image cache like it used to .
Other than that its working better than before but it would still be nice to clear the cache .
Little better , but still crashes ,
But the only reason I gave 4 stars is because it crashes a lot .
I ve never not_had a not_problem !
My favorite app , but occasionally still crashes .
I find all kinds of good recipes and ideas and I just love it ,
After all of the continued improvements , this app is awesome and just getting better !
This is my favorite app ... so many different great ideas in one place ! ! !
I have this app installed on both my iPad and my Sony Xperia and rarely have not_had an not_issue with the two .
Now I can t hardly not_use it not_because it crashes or says that nothing is available .
Ever since the latest updates the app either crashes or freezes my iPad .
The app crashes every other time I use it .
I rarely have not_issues with it not_crashing .
It works perfectly and never not_crashes !
As a marketing tool , this is not not_working for me .
Love it , it occasionally crashes but is is better than online .
The only reason I m giving the app 4 stars instead of 5 is because if I go to another website through the app and try to pin it , it says that I can t pin from another website through the app , I have to actually be in my safari browser .
Great way to plan life events and organize all your ideas electronically .
Sometimes it crashes , but then I just restart it and it works fine again .
I love Pinterest and I am so glad that they have this app , but it does sometimes crash ,
it does occasionally crash , however , it is simple to use , but beware ; it is soo addictive ,
Please bring back the shortcut to boards when you re pinning by clicking on the letters .
I used to get a glitch every once and awhile that said `` no not_pinners not_available '' .
Haven t had that problem in awhile !
This new update for the iPad crashes a lot , but other than that I love this app !
I go to my doc for that if I need it , not not_Pinterest .
Wish I could make a book like shutterfly of this I found .
I haven t had any trouble on my phone with the latest update , but my iPad app crashes every time I start to pin .
Pinterest has only crashed on me every once and awhile , but it really doesn t bother me because I just have to open the app again and it works fine .
A bug that needs fixing .
It s just a minor problem compared to how wonderful Pinterest is .
I m always on it and never have not_any not_problems .
However , the newest download crashes on my IPad .
We need a better update .
As I updated this program it did crash on me a couple of times .
I made many of the recipies and they are excellent .
My problems is with trying to get to the recipie .
Tis needs to be made easier .
Never crashes or freezes my phone .
The actual website is awesome , but the app freezes and crashes a ton .
I never have not_any not_issues with it ,
I have no not_issues .
Highly recommend it ! !
For all those people that left 1 star because it crashes it s not the not_app it not_s your phone .
Just wish my boards would be listed in alphabetical order .
Please pass this suggestion along to the powers that be .
I need to take a month long vacay just to make a dent in all the recipes and crafts I pin !
This new way is so much more time consuming and not not_easier by not_any means ! ! !
And it crashes and freezes way to often ,
Very annoying , and something that needs to be fixed soon .
I love Pinterest and I m on it all the time , but the app crashes too often .
I m on it daily and it always crashes at least once .
I ve done that twice and I always make sure it s up to date , but it still crashes frequently .
I ve been discouraged to use it and sometimes I don t even open it back up for fear of it crashing in the middle of something .
I just love this app ,
So happy to see the programmers were able to fix the crashes quickly !
Every once in a while crashes or freezes .
The ideas are endless .
\\n\\nOverall the idea of Pinterest is great and I really enjoy it .
You can basically plan your future .
I highly recommend it .
Great app that you can get great ideas .
It does take a while to load and is crashing more than usual ... please fix ,
For example , naming a board named Christmas and with that board I could create sub boards such as decor , crafts , foods , etc.\\n\\nIt would be nice if there was a way to delete more than one pin at a time .
Never have an issue with it !
I have had no not_problems at not_all it works great except when somebody repins what I sent them it won t stop reminding me but other than that its great ,
The app was working fine on my iPad but now having problems with it constantly shutting down .
The app never not_crashes .
It updates for me all the time .
Despite all the negative reviews , I haven t had any issues with this app .
Love all the new stuff I find and see : ) sometimes crashes but over all I still love it : ) ,
My Pinterest never not_crashes .
\\nWarning * you will be on here 2 am when you should be sleeping and have work the next day ** : ) \\ndownloading may cause some weight gain , amazing recipes !
Never crashed on me .
The app is crashing .
I recommend it .
Haven t had any problems so far .
This app needs work .
I know there are pins for that subject because I just searched it the previous day !
They did have a few bugs but they are all fixed now .
They have made some changes that make it sooo user friendly and I love it !
Please fix the bug .
I always do the updates and have had no not_problems not_afterward .
Not sure why you updated it again right away but the latest update doesn t allow you pin more easily especially if you just want to just like something .
Also the little bar at the bottom of the screen that tells you where you just pinned something is unnecessary and annoying and distracting when it constantly lets you know someone repinned something .
I haven t had any issues with crashing !
Since the new update the app will close itself , but I just open it back up and keep surfing .
Never had any problems .
Yes it crashes every once in a while but I just reopen and keep searching .
my app never not_crashes not_but don t like the upgrade that makes it harder to upload to twitter ,
You can create boards , pin things , Upload photos and websites , And search for anything you like !
If you like the specific brand Christian Louboutin or Jimmy Choo just Search it in the bar above categories !
This is why I love Pinterest ?
Hasn t had any bugs .
It worked well but now it crashes constantly .
It never not_used to not_crash this much .
It would be nice to be able to delete pins faster off of boards ( that we no longer not_want to not_keep ) .
New version crashes all the time !
I saw lots complaint about shutting down after downloading latest update , but I haven t had any issue .
Just need some newer stuff ,
Has some small quirks still , they need to get worked out but an overall awesome hobby !
\\n\\nFinally , I think that some new categories should be made , such as Organization , Cleaning Tips , etc . \\n\\nOverall a wonderful app .
But it s worth it , and I recommend the App ! ! ! !
I use this app everyday and normally have no not_problems .
Occasionally it crashes but for the most part it runs flawlessly .
Works just like the website .
I have no not_complaints not_except that it crashes quite a bit , other than that I could live on Pinterest !
I don t know why people are having problems .
Kgutie203 , Before the update EVERYTHING worked perfectly fine ... it crashes now so please fix it ,
Fixed the bug that was making it crash .
I was having no not_problem not_( other than the OCCASIONAL crash ) now every time I use this it crashes 4 5 times within 10 minutes .
Please fix this ASAP ,
Never had a problem with it on my iPhone works great love it ,
Has everything from lesson plans to how to bake a cake !
Learn things you never not_knew you not_NEEDED to know ! !
OMG I love Pinterest but this is crazy , 3 minutes into pinning and my app crashes !
Please fix it so I can get back to my pins ! !
sometimes it crashes but that could be from over use .
No longer crashes when I open it .
Never had a problem with Pinterest and I ve had it for about 2 years , very addictive though !
I love Pinterest , but every time I use it on my iPad , the app crashes .
Please fix it !
Biggest issue is when it won t load or it loads the same picture over and over on your personal boards .
It crashes often !
I m writing a review to make it stop asking me to and when my friend went on it , it crashed and deleted everything off her phone .
Way too many crashes !
Since the newest update , I can t pin without it not_kicking me not_out .
Haven t had any problems since the update .
Ever since I updated it crashes constantly on iPhone and iPad : ( i i I love Pinterest so this is very annoying ! !
However , it crashes often .
Fun and easy to use , u can see and learn how to do all kinds of things ! !
I can t stop !
Love Pinterest but since the update on my ipad , it crashes all the time .
But this version crashes every time I pin something .
App crashes on the iPad since doing the update .
Please fix the bugs !
Mine has no not_problem with not_crashes and it works beautifully !
Love all the new features put in place , but I can t use them because I can t spend 15 seconds in the app before it crashes .
But if I m on it for sometimes as little as 5 10 min it crashes .
I love the new app , I had it for awhile and didn t use it because it was easier to just use the website , but now it s much easier and user friendly .
I don t know why other people are having problems , I use it on my iPad and it works great !
I love Pinterest but since the last update it crashes all the time !
Sal185 , When I try to post a pin to Facebook , it merely takes me to my Facebook ipad app .
It s crashing and freezing constantly .
App freezes and crashes several times a day .
Prior to latest update never not_had a not_problem , now crashes ever time and photos do not not_load !
Someone please fix this ,
Every time I pin something , the app crashes .
Please fix this soon !
But only giving 3 stars because I wish there were more secret boards available and def need an update because it keeps crashing lately .
Please fix this ASAP ! !
The app crashes way too often to be enjoyable ,
it crashed .
Newest update crashes so much !
I spend probably more time than I should on Pinterest every day , and I haven t had any problems until yesterday .
Since the update the only problem I am facing with Pinterest is the refreshing when the app is closed and re opened .
Love the app however the new update makes it crash after my first pin !
Now it crashes .
I love Pinterest however the app crashes all the time !
I love love love this app but currently , it needs an update .
I just repined two pins , and it crashed .
Yesterday I couldn t get all he way through the popular page w/o it crashing , which is frustrating because the popular page reloads every time it s closed .
I so love pinterest but they have to fix the crashing ... it s constant and so annoying ! !
I love Pinterest but it crashes on my Ipad 2 all the time .
Keeps crashing ,
Pinterest , what happened ?
The headings are now all missing , so I can t search Categories .
I wish I had skipped this update , as it crashes all the time .
Pinning is no longer not_enjoyable and not_I can t wait for this problem to be fixed .
I love Pinterest and need a simple app .
It has crashed at least 6 times today .
It s easier to post pics now since the upgrade .
This is the best app ever , I recommend it completely .
I would like to suggest sub boards or something so that on my craft board I could have sections like candles , kids crafts etc ,
Pinterest tends to crash ... a lot .
I dunno if thats just me , but when it does , it happens right after I pin something , and then that something doesn t show up on my board after Iv pulled it back up .
The most recent time i updated Pinterest it has crashed MULTIPLE times .
No longer will pull up on my phone !
Every time I open it on my iPad/iPhone it crashes instantly or within a couple minutes .
Please fix this !
I wish there was a way to go back to prior to this past update .
Please update ASAP .
It won t open since I updated it .
Please fix this !
I have always loved Pinterest but this new update has it either freezing or crashing every time I go to use it .
Every new version just seems to have a new major bug .
The first one constantly crashed , the second one wouldn t carry over the previous pinner s text until you started typing , and now , this new version .
As others have stated , you have to click on the pin to like it .
Why on earth would they do this ?
I downloaded the most recent update today ( July 21st ) and every single time on the first time I go in it crashes and kicks me out .
I had no not_issues not_previous to this update ,
But recently it crashes ALL THE TIME .
When it finally does open , I m unable to pin , browse the web to pin , and even open my existing pins , but it inevitably slows way down then crashes .
The only problem I have with the app is all the windows it opens .
Also it crashes a lot .
Before the update I was able to use it most of the time , but now it crashes almost instantly when I open it !
I had to uninstall and download again to try to fix bloody crashes .
New update has it crashing all the time !
I can not not_be on for not_more than an hour without it not_crashing .
I normally LOVE this app , and I m addicted , but with this new update , it crashes SO MUCH .
Please please please fix this !
Now it crashes constantly .
On my phone and Mac , I can share pins something I can t seem to do here .
I can actually figure out how to check my notifications on Mac and iPhone again the iPad app perplexes me .
It will randomly crash all the time , especially since the update , and freezes often .
Love Pinterest , but why are pins from 1 , 3 , 6 , and even 9 months ago showing up now ?
I love Pinterest to the moon and back but the new updated crashed my phone !
I deleted the icon on the screen , but there is no way to not_delete the not_app .
Now , even when I open Pinterest through the internet , it does not not_work not_right .
It keeps crashing an not not_letting me in not_I ve tried deleting it an there re downloading it an i just keeps doing it please please please please fix this I really wan na go on pintrist ,
, Doesn t do any good if I can t open it !
Any help would be appreciated !
Its great if u like photography or just need some good ideas for weddings or parties .
Downloaded it and it crashes right away .
Please fix this bug ! ! !
Sometimes it will crash when my iPad is low on battery but it always goes back to the right page when I reopen it .
Thanks , after recent upgrade it crashed my iPad .
Please fix it !
When you do pin something you have to scroll through all your boards to find the one your looking for instead of choosing from an alphabet on the side bar .
But when I downloaded the update on my iPod , it crashes every time I open it .
Please add a checking system , just like a small box in the corner where you can check as many different pins as you want and then click `` pin all '' to `` this board '' PLEASE THIS WOULD BE AWESOME !
When I am at the store it is awesome to be able to pull up my pins and match colors , designs and make sure I have what I need .
Please stop the popups after I pin .
Stop adding new features and fix the crashing ! !
When I go to save a picture on my iPad it sometimes won t save and just acts it forever .
I ve never has not_problems not_before this update , now it crashes every time I open it .
How do you explore a pin to get further information ?
This issue seems to have occurred since the last update .
Current version freezes and crashes frequently .
Love the new recommendations popup but every time I pin something it crashes .
This new update has crashed my Pinterest every five minutes I m on it .
I go to pin , and it crashes !
Just updated it ( my previous version had zero issues ) and now all it does it crash and freeze .
It s only been 1 hour since I updated and it s crashes about 9 times .
Not the most critical review , but it does what I need it to when I need it to .
I also wish I could add the `` pin it '' button to my browser on my iPad .
The app crashes as soon as it opens or you try to pin something .
Miss Pinterest but tired of it crashing , freezing up & amp ; taking forever to download !
The links to the original source are now missing ? !
Whenever i leave the app to reply to a msg or answer a phone call , i try to go back in to the app and it crashes , i open it again and it opens but i lose whatever i was seeing before i left the app the first time ,
Ever since I got the update , it crashes immediately .
But this app crashes soooo much now and if I go out of the app say to read a text message , Pinterest freezes and good luck to me to find what I was just about to look at !
What happened ?
I do like that it shows what others pinned similar but please go back to when you hit pin it nothing else shows but your drop down ... .after you pick your board nothing shows up but a blank comment box you write your comments and then save .
I loveeee Pinterest but every time I try to open it , it crashes : / please fix ,
Used to work well but now it just crashes or won t load any pictures .
Bugs need to be fixed !
Keeps crashing : ( it worked just fine until latest update .
Every time this app updates , it crashes my device for days .
Now , every time I attempt to pin something my app crashes , logs me out , and this drains my battery .
I m addicted , so please fix it !
Please fix this ASAP .
Every time I try to pin something it crashes .
Ever since the last update , it s not not_working !
Love Pinterest , but please fix it !
I love Pinterest and go on it everyday , but this new update makes it crash as soon as I open the app and even when it works for a while it just shuts down ! !
The new updates that keep coming out for this are great however it always crashes and it keeps getting worse .
Pinterest on iPad needs some attention ! ! ! !
Crashes all the time and it crashes when I try to watch videos through the pin .
Love the app , but just did the update and it crashes constantly .
After the update , the app won t even open and crashes no not_matter not_how many times I try to load it !
Please fix this !
The last update said bug fixes , but it crashes every time I open it now .
Continues to crash , please fix ! !
However it would be better if we didn t have to see our Pins when we go to the homepage .
Why not just one not_step not_like my pc ?
I hate when I m reading a pin and the app crashes on me before I decide if its re pin worthy .
Please fix this soon !
eveyone is stumped on how to remove offensive pins .
I love how you can simply touch the pin to pin it to one of your boards .
Please fix the bugs right away , thank you !
I need to edit the website too .
Another thing I like is that you can search your pins !
I just updated this app and it now crashes constantly !
Please fix this issue as it was not not_happening on the not_previous versions .
Less crashes and more features !
You can t even open the app for two seconds before it crashes .
Pinterest is a very inspirational and fun site but if this app doesn t work I won t recommend it .
The app is good but there are a few problems that are annoying first it takes up a ton of space .
Second is that before the update you could easily like by one click under the picture however now you have to click on the image and then like please fix !
Forth it crashes ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Lastly I don t like the newest thing you added to Pinterest .
I mean its a good idea but it just takes you to the closer image when it should stay on what you searched and expand it .
The last update crashed my iPhone and sent it into a reboot loop .
I love this app so much but now every time I try to go on it it crashes .
I updated it , and it shows everything but the pictures .
I tried to install the app yesterday but it would not not_download and my not_iPad crashed and I got the boot loop where the apple logo keeps appearing but my iPad would never not_fully not_turn back on .
I used to love Pinterest but now every time I open Pinterest it crashes .
\\nI had an issue with the app crashing .
Now all it wants to do is crash on me ! !
Please fix this ! !
I can t even open the app 90 % of the time , because it crashes immediately .
I updated to current version and now Pinterest has crashed over 20 times in 30 min .
Please fix this crashing problem ! ! !
Tried to download update ... won t finish installing after days ... .can t delete app and reinstall because it says it is installing .
Now I can t use Pinterest at all .
Just love this app .
I have not not_had not_any problems on my ipad ( original ) or iphone ( 5 ) using this app .
Lexark1 , Please fix this update .
Latest update will not not_install not_& amp ; it is crashing my iPad .
Since I downloaded the latest update on 7/18/13 , it crashes more than ever !
Before this latest update it only crashed once in a while , not it not_crashes not_every time I use it .
However , the fact that it crashes at least three times in any given hour is incredibly frustrating .
This is not just a not_convenience not_issue but a nearly debilitating bug that renders this app almost too annoying to use .
EVERY time I open the app it crashes and closes .
2 stars just because I love you .
In love with this app but I just updated it and it keeps crashing .
The app crashes regularly .
App now crashes anytime I try to open it .
I even reset phone and it still crashed .
I turned it off and tried to turn it back on but it wouldn t. Before the update I was at 90 % battery .
I tried deleting and reinstalling the app but now the app won t install .
But I haven t been able to get in for two days I try to open it and makes my phone crash : ( please fix ASAP ! ! ! !
Anikamarie , I love the Pinterest app , but the latest update crashes all the time .
Please fix this ! ! ! !
New update crashes as soon as it opens and causes my iPad to freeze all the time !
I have the newest version of this and it s still crashing almost every time I open it .
I think they should make them a little shorter still , but this is MUCH better .
Love Pinterest , but the app constantly crashes .
Please be careful with your updates Pinterest as you caused me a lot of pain !
However I think it should tell you when your followers are also on pintrest .
Never had a problem until I just did the update .
Seriously this update does not not_work not_Can t log in .
The app works pretty well , however there have been a number of times when it just quits and I need to do a restart .
Can t open any of the recipes to view ingredients or how to prepare .
Please fix this or I m deleting the app since it will be totally useless without not_instructions ! ! !
My Pinterest was working fine until the update and now it crashes every time I try to pull it up .
But the new version crashes on my iPhone .
And please introduce gifs to Pinterest , I think this would give it quite a boost .
I leave the app for a few seconds then when I try to reopen it crashes instantly .
No sound ssssssssssssssssssss , I love this app but it crashes all the time .
I wouldn t even give it a star if I could because of how much it crashes now .
Last update just makes it crash ... constantly .
It just crashes immediately .
I love Pinterest , but when you install an update you expect it to work better , NOT worse .
I talked to my friend and she said she had the same problem .
Please fix this because I really like this app , but I can t use it if it won t load .
I updated the app and it wouldn t install so I tried to click it and my phone froze .
It did a restore type thing and it took like 30 min before I could use my phone again .
Fix it now I need my Pinterest ,
Crashes crashes crashes immediately upon opening not not_worth it to not_download until this is fixed UGH ! ! !
I love this app , it has everything you ever wanted to know , like , or want ! ! !
I updated it and now all it does when I open if is CRASH .
come on people I need my Pinterest .
I can t open the app or delete it and re download it .
If someone texts me or comments something on Instagram , I m compelled to check it , well if I m really liking what I ve been seeing on the humor or popular page , I had no not_problem not_clicking out for a quick second , before the update .
Please help us all ! ! !
I wish that you could change the name of a board , you could move your pins around with out having to repin them , and that the boards were in alphabetical order ,
Why does this happen ?
DAbulldogs , I am unable to open any pins since the last update on both my iPhone and iPad .
I need you to get through my work day ! !
I love this app however , with the new update I am unable to open and use this amazing app .
Please fix ASAP .
App will not not_work .
The latest release is slower to load , freezes when scrolling , and crashes often .
I don t know how to fix it .
How do I fix it ? ?
Crashing problem has been fixed ! !
Now app won t open it crashes immediately .
7/19/13\\n\\nUpdate : Since The latest update it crashes .
It also crashes randomly when I m browsing through pictures , which is extremely annoying .
So please get out a new update quickly to fix these problems !
I loved this app before , please fix ASAP !
Overall I really love the Pinterest app but every time an update is required it literally takes 1 2 DAYS to reinstall on my iPad .
There s got to be a solution for that so please fix it ! ! !
It is very frustrating that this is the only app I have that locks up EVERY time an update is required .
Yesterday I did the update and have not not_been not_able to get in to it at all !
It crashes immediately when I open the app .
I lie this app but since the update I can t log on and the system keeps crashing !
Updated new version & amp ; now it won t even open ! !
Please fix it so I can enjoy using the program again .
Love pintrest but keeps crashing , trying to update it & amp ; it won t update all the way , just freezes .
I would really love for you guys to fix this so it doesn t happen .
When I am just about to pin something , the app crashes !
Every time I try to do that and I reopen the app it crashes and wont pick up where I left off bIt resets everything ! !
However , aside from that I do love this app ; I just wish those issues could be corrected !
When I leave the app and open it again it crashes .
has never not_happened not_until I updated it today .
app continuously crashes especially when a text comes through .
please fix the update & amp ; i will change my review back to 5 stars !
The new update makes it crash every time ! !
Lexiluo , Ever since I updated this app ... it won t turn on .
Why can t I open the website from the pins ?
I m sure the updates to the app are wonderful , but now it crashes every single time I try to open it .
it will work for a long time then all of the sudden crash when I try and open it and then it never not_reopens ,
Please fix the web cache problem you have !
If I leave the app to check a msg or anything when I go back in its blank and then crashes .
Just switching to another app for a second and it crashes and I have to restart the app .
\\nAlso now you have to open a pin to `` heart '' it .
The new update did something to this app I can t even open it anymore .
When an app has problems and there s no not_easy not_was to report a bug , I have to give it a big thumbs down .
It crashes before I can even open it .
I just updated my app and now it will not not_open and not_keeps crashing !
Well since I updated , it crashes every time I try to run the app .
It would be nice if all it took to just like a picture was to double tap the picture , just like Instagram .
I can t delete or pause it or anything .
Believe me my friends and family know I m addicted , but ever since I updated it , it started crashing EVERY time I open it ! ! !
Finally I m not just not_wasting not_time online , although it is quite addicting !
App freezes and crashes sometimes but I m not not_sure not_if it s the devices fault or the app .
Please fix it soon !
Pinterest is literally one of my favorite apps an it never not_fails to not_amaze me with the clean layout and fast pinning !
Um good except it kept crashing when I tried to log in it but then I downloaded it again & amp ; worked fine ,
Everyone should have it .
The only thing that I d change is that I wish that you could change the picture on the front of your board , but other then that , I love the app !
This needs to be fixed since you can update from you I Pod itself .
The `` done '' button does not not_work .
Unfortunately , today I downloaded the update on my IPhone 4S and now I can t open the app at all .
It instantly crashes !
The app itself is great and very easy to use , however every time I need to update the app it crashes and the only way to fix it is to delete it and download it again ,
I just updated this afternoon and now the app won t even open .
Loved the app before the latest update which I downloaded today , now the app just crashes every time I open it and I ve tried deleting it and re downloading it and it still does the same thing ... ... ... ... ... .please fix this ASAP ! ! !
Emailed Pinterest about problem , and within hours released another update to fix the bug .
Since installing the latest update on my iPhone 5 , it crashes every time I try to open the app .
Please fix this issue .
Instantly crashes ,
The updated app is not not_working .
Since the new update I can t open the app !
Just updated my Pinterest app and can t get it to open it crashes every time ! !
I ve tried every thing ! ?
I updated the app and it won t even open now .
But with the new update no not_matter not_how many times i delete and reinstall the app , it crashes before it fully opens !
Since updating tonight ( 7/18 ) the app only crashes .
Thank you for fixing the app and adding the send button to the iPad app ! ! ! !
The app won t open and now my iPad is running slowly and crashes !
Updated my Pinterest app today and it crashes every time I try to open it ,
Before the update , I loved the app , but now it crashes every time I try to open it ,
Happy_birthday101 , I updated it and now it won t open .
I just downloaded their newest update and it keeps crashing !
When I m right in the middle of this gigantic board it crashes and it loses my spot !
Please fix the bugs !
Scot & amp ; Carrie , Update crashes .
As soon as I updated the app it stopped working .
Please fix it !
Updated today 7/18/13 on my iphone and it crashes ! ! ! !
Need to fix it ASAP ! ! ! ! ! !
Sarbearr321 , Since the new update I can t even open the app I tried 6 times and it keeps crashing !
Please fix this I love Pinterest and I just want to use my app for it ,
Since I updated my Pinterest app on my iPhone I can t open it any more .
I just downloaded the latest update and now my app won t open up an I can t fuel my addiction !
I updated the app and now it automatically crashes when I click on it .
Please fix bugs !
But now I can t even open the App .
I followed the instructions to troubleshoot and still crashes ,
I click on it , it looks like its about to load , then it crashes .
New update won t open and just crashes .
Just downloaded the update , now it won t open up at all .
What happened ?
Have a ton of wedding stuff on there and need it working ASAP !
I use to love this app but with the recent update , the app crashes on startup .
Problem is , after I updated , I can t even open the app anymore .
The second I click on it the app crashes .
Please fix this bug so I can get back to pinning on my iPhone ,
I can t look at anything , I have trouble shooted every way possible by deleting the app and then redownloaded it and then shutting off my phone .
Nothing worked need to correct this problem now ! ! !
What happened today ?
I love Pinterest but now when I try to open it it crashes right away .
Pinterest people please fix this asap !
Please fix it .
Hotelpanda , Ever since I updated to the newest version I can t open the app !
I can t open the app anymore ,
It crashes before it even finishes loading .
Downloaded the new update today , that was a big mistake !
The app won t even open since I did , it crashes before it does .
Please fix this ASAP I am very disappointed in this and would give it zero stars if that was an option on the rating system !
It crashes everytime I open it !
Just updated and now it crashes .
Since I have updated the app , I can t open it .
Please please please fix it ! ! !
Now I can t use til they get a new version .
The app still does not not_work .
I updated the app and it WILL NOT OPEN .
Nicoleanja15 , It only crashes now ,
After update , app crashes with every open attempt .
Jshdhhdb , Can t even open the app .
It immediately crashes .
keokismom , Mine was working fine until I just updated it .
Now , instead of opening , it crashes ! ! ! !
It was great until I updated it today and now all it does is crash when you try to open it !
But ever since I updated it the app won t open .
It crashes every time !
Ever since I updated the app , everytime I try to open it , it crashes .
This newest version I downloaded today crashes every time I open it .
The app crashes every time I try and open it .
App crashes every time I opened it ! ! !
But after I upgraded it I went to open the app and it instantly crashes , even after I shut off and turn on my phone it still does it .
Please fix this ! !
It crashes before it even loads !
Please fix ASAP !
The app worked perfectly fine before I updated it .
Most recent upgrade crashes everytime you try to open it .
Plez fix the new update it crashes every time I open it .
I just updated the app , now I can t even open it , it keeps crashing .
Don t try to `` fix '' an app if isn t broke ! ! !
It crashes every single time .
I had an update and after downloading it Pinterest won t even open it just crashes .
App crashes ever time I open it .
This new update crashes !
I can t even open the app .
Please fix it !
I have an iPod 4 , and after I updated Pinterest , it crashes !
I can t even open the app after today s update .
I can t open the app .
It crashes and its not not_letting me not_log in : ( please fix it ,
Kwolfbyte , Just got the `` update '' and its crashing every time .
I rebooted phone and still crashes .
Can t use it at all ! ! !
It crashes ( iPhone 4s ) ,
Just updated the ap and it doesn t even open now ! ! !
I can t even open the app after the update .
Now the app crashes every time I try to open it !
bittersweetdoll , The app just crashes now .
Just got the new update and the app crashes every time .
After the update I can t open the app at all !
As previously mentioned , I can not not_open the not_app without it not_crashing .
App crashes as soon as I open it .
I can t even open the app now ! !
I love Pinterest , but ever since I updated the app , it crashes every single time I try to open the app .
After I downloaded the new update I can t even open the app .
It crashes each time ! ! !
Just updated and now crashes every time I try to open the app ,
The app crashes every time I try to open it .
The new patch has a glitch and every time I try to open it crashes immediately .
Please fix this problem in a timely manner .
Upgraded the app now i cant even open it crashes every time ! ! !
Every time I try to open the app it crashes and closes ! !
After the most recent update I can t open the app ! ! !
Can t open it just crashes .
Crashes every time ! ! !
I can t open app it keeps crashing : ( fix it quick ,
Please fix this !
I m unable to open the app as it crashes before it even loads .
Ever since I updated it I can t get it to open !
I just updated and every time I touch a pin it crashes !
Every time I try going on it , it crashes immediately !
Now it crashes !
Just did update and now can t get into it !
I can t open app !
It just CRASHES every single time ! ! !
Best idea is for them to remove the previous Update , it ruined the app completely ! ! ! ! !
It just crashes !
At first I thought it was my phone since this hasn t happened , then I turned my phone off .
I updated the app today .
Great app can t open crasher ?
Ongba depebwaz , Crashes since I updated .
I updated the app today and now it won t even open !
After today s update I can t even open the app !
When I updated it it starts to crash I hate get a new update please fix it soon ! ! !
Every time I open app it crashes !
It crashes every time .
Love the app , but closes as soon as I open it ever since I updated it .
I love this app but since the latest update I can t open it .
New update causes app to crash when opening ,
lmaew , I just downloaded the update today and it crashes every time I try to open the app .
please fix this issue !
Kimberly Ho , Just updated to latest version and can t open the app anymore .
Laurenloo14 , It was great until I just updated it .
Never had an issue until update .
I can t even open the app ! !
Won t open it just crashes ,
After updating the app constantly crashes when trying to open .
I just updated & amp ; now I can t even open the App .
It crashes every time !
It crashed .
Now I can t even open the app ! !
It crashes every time !
Everytime I try to open the app it crashes !
I have never not_had a not_problem with this app until today .
It was an awesome app until now it won t even open it crashes every time after I updated it ,
I absolutely love Pinterest and I use it 24.7 on my phone so I would like to have it back up and running properly soon .
I even deleted and got it again and it still crashes .
It crashes and returns to home screen !
Please fix it ASAP !
Kassidystar500 , My app crashes every time I try to open it !
Keeps crashing as soon as I updated it .
It just crashes .
Update made my app crash .
New update causes it to crash every time ! !
After this new update , I can t open app .
I loved the app until I updated it .
It just crashes Everytime ! ! !
This problem really needs to be fixed .
\\n\\n : : : update : : : 7/18/2013 I updated today and now it just keeps force closing .
I open the app and it just crashes .
However , until now I will just have to settle with two until the bug is fixed .
Wish they made an iPad app ,
I love this app but ever since I did the update it crashes every time I open it .
Please fix the new update as soon as possible .
It crashes every time , I can t even open it for a second !
I just got the update and it won t even open .
IT CRASHES EVERYTIME .
Haven t ever had any problems but it has closed up on me before but rarely .
\\n\\nUPDATE : Just updated and now it won t open it just shuts itself down .
Lol need to get this fixed ! ! !
I really love the app but the new version always crashes immediately !
I did all the steps but it still is crashing and it s extremely annoying ,
KeeganRae , App crashes every single time I try to open it .
After last update , the app just crashes every time you try to open it on iphone 5 .
I can t open the app , it keeps crashing ! ! !
Did an update earlier and now I can t even open the app ! !
Whenever I try to open the app after the update , it crashes .
As soon as I did the update , it crashes when I open it .
I love Pinterest , please fix it !
Just updated the app and now it will not even not_open .
Latest update crashes at open .
I m addicted , but I just downloaded/updated the new version today and it crashes every time !
It just crashes .
Crashes every time ! !
It just crashes ! ! ! ! !
I just downloaded the new update and I can t open the app at all !
What happened ?
Please fix this ASAP , so it goes back to being my favorite app !
What happened ? ?
I need my fix ! ! ! !
Kcool123 , Although I absolutely looove this app , and if it worked , i would give it 5+ stars , but it crashes literally every time I try to open it .
I just updated it , so I m guessing its the new update .
Please be aware before you update .
I just updated it and now I can even open it .
App is now crashing each time I open it ,
I love Pinterest all the time I m addicted too it but the app does mess up a lot an d I had no not_trouble just not_closing and reopening but since the update it crashes every time I try to open the app .
Please give my midnight addiction back .
I love this app but the newest update crashes every time on my iPhone 5 ! ! !
Please fix FAST !
Please fix soon as I very much enjoy using this app .
Ever since I downloaded the new update the app crashes every time .
I can t open it at all ! !
It crashes now every time I open it !
I can t open the app and it just crashes .
I need my daily helping of Pinterest ,
This app was awesome but Pinterest needed to be updated so I did now the app won t even open ! !
Fix it now , I need me some Pinterest !
Knightl5 , What happened ?
Usually I love my Pinterest app but I m having trouble opening the app since I made my last update .
Vanesssita , Updated the app today for my iPhone 5 app and now it won t even open , just crashes ! !
The update continuously crashes !
The latest update crashes every time you try to open it .
I love this app but with the newest update I can t even get it to open ? !
App crashes every time its opened .
I just downloaded the latest update and now my app won t open .
Please fix it !
I can t even open the app since the last update .
It just crashes .
Every time I try to open the app it crashes .
spydermac , App crashes on iPhone and iPad since updating .
I updated the app and now it crashes before even opening .
Love Pinterest but this new update just crashes it every time I try to open it ,
I also can t open the app , and I tried reinstalling .
Every time I click on it , it starts loading and then just brings me to my home page .
It crashes before it will even open !
Can t even open the app crashes every time ,
Since the July 18th update I can t even open the app , it crashes immediately .
C mon Pinterest ... .please fix your fix !
I can t even open the iPhone app without it not_crashing not_immediately .
I updated my app and now I can t even open it .
Please fix it ASAP .
I just updated & amp ; it s crashing !
I just want my app back ! ! ! ! ! !
Since the newest update , I can no longer even not_open the not_app as it crashes everytime I try .
I did the update today and now it crashes every time I attempt to open it : ( please fix ! ! !
I need my Pinterest fix ! ! !
It crashes every time I try to go on it now .
I can t open the app it crashes every time I try ,
Fix quickly , please ! !
It crashes every time I try .
I updated the app and every time I try to open it it crashes .
Please fix it !
The app is crashing , please fix ! ! !
App crashes if dedicatedly on launch .
Don t need a useless app taking up space .
Newest update crashes app , won t even open ,
It crashes every time even after deleting and re downloading and re starting my phone !
Doesn t work at all , just quits every time you try to open it .
I can t even open the app now ! !
App will not even not_launch not_crashes every time .
I NEED my Pinterest !
It was working great then when I updated today it won t even open it crashes every time !
I can t even open the app bc it crashes as soon as I click on it !
The app just crashes and never not_opens .
I can t open the app since I ve recently updated it ! !
I updated my app and now it doesn t even open .
Can t open it ! ! !
App crashes every time .
Pintasticness , It crashes every single time I try to open it .
New update crashes every time ,
Whenever i click on it comes up and then crashes !
I can t open it at all ?
2.5.1 crashes immediately upon opening !
Any suggestions of what to do ?
I love this app but I updated it today and when I tried to open it multiple times it crashed before it can open !
Please fix the program ! !
After updating it on my iPad though , I can t even open the app .
\\nI hope I m one of the only ones with this problem , but please fix this , like , soon !
There must be something wrong with the update because every time I try to open it crashes : / ,
After I updated it , it won t work anymore ! !
I can t even open the app .
It crashes everytime .
It crashes every time .
Last update crashed the app , you are breaking my heart !
I just updated the app & amp ; it just crashes every time I open it .
I just downloaded the newest version of this app and every time I try to open it , it crashes : ( ,
ever since i got the update the app crashes without even not_loading not_all the way ! ! ! ! !
still crashes before it even loads ! ! ! ! !
I can t even open the app !
It just crashes !
It crashes every single time I try ! ! ! ! !
Bella1314 , Ever since I updated it the app crashes before it loads !
Please fix it !
Subliminalfringe , I have tried closing it completely , restarted my phone and uninstalled and reinstalled the app but it still crashes at launch after today s update .
Now it crashes before opening EVERY time ,
It crashes every time .
Love the app but new update makes it crash .
I have been on Pinterest several times today and I just updated it , now it will not not_open , not_very frustrating ! ! ! !
I even tried to uninstall and reinstall and it still crashes .
The app crashes on my iPhone after today s latest update .
Just got the new update for it and doesn t even open now !
Ever since the last update the app crashes and won t ever open !
It s absolutely fantastic , especially for a visual person like me , But the app itself crashes and glitches like crazy !
Also , now that I downloaded the new version ( 2.5 I think ) I can t even open the app !
Please fix it so I can go back to pinning !
PiperE23 , I just updated the app and every time I try to open it it crashes .
Please fix it !
I just did the latest update and now it won t open !
I updated the app this morning and now it won t even open .
It s crashing now that I just updated it pleasee fix ,
Please Fix ASAP so I can get my daily Pinterest dose !
App crashes every single time I try to open it , I ve tried everything and it still continues to crash ,
it crashes !
After the last update that we had , the app never not_gets to not_open , it crashes every single time , please fix it ,
Chirp333 , Every time I try to open it it crashes .
Every since I updated the app I can t even open it it crashes every time ! ! !
I never not_had not_this problem before .
Just downloaded the new update .
It just crashes .
It just crashes !
As much as I love Pinterest , today I updated my app and it keeps crashes and this makes me very upset .
I just updated it and now it does not even not_open .
I love Pinterest , but it crashes every time I try to open it .
It needs to be fixed ! !
Your latest update has screwed up the app , it crashes every time ,
Please fix the constant crashing .
I just did the update for the new version and now the app won t open .
It immediately crashes .
I can t get the app to open at all since the July 18th update , it instantly crashes .
I can t open app .
It crashes .
The new update has a bug .
Can t access the app as it crashes .
Catplus4 , I just downloaded the update and now it won t open on my iPhone or iPad .
I can t even open up to my dashboard .
The app won t even open , it crashes every time I try !
I love pinterest , so please fix soon !
Someone needs to fix this ! ! !
I did and ever since my Pinterest app will crash the second I try to open it .
I have not not_been not_able to open my app ever since I downloaded the update ! !
The update made it so it won t even open .
It crashes .
Please fix ASAP .
Every time i try to open the app it crashes !
I turned my phone on and off and it still just crashes while trying to open ,
After opening the splash screen the app fails and crashes .
Just downloaded the update and now I can t open up my Pinterest app !
I can t open the app since the latest update ! !
I love Pinterest so please fix this ASAP ! !
Fix it please I love the app , other than whatever you just did .
I just installed the newest update !
I just did the new update and not it not_won not_t open at all .
Please fix the update !
I tried deleting it and reinstalling , as well as powering down my iPhone and powering back up nothing s working ?
1049407213 , I just updated Pinterest and it won t open at all .
I tap the icon , it opens the app to the screen where it has the Pinterest logo and immediately crashes .
Please fix this !
I just updated the app and now the app crashes upon opening .
It crashes the moment the Pinterest title appears .
BUT they just had an update I downloaded today 7/18/2013 and now I can t open the app ! ! !
I ve tried resetting it and just giving it time and it still won t open ! !
I know it was the Pinterest update that did this because the exact same thing happened to my mom s iPad when she tried to install the update , the only problem is her iPad still won t turn on !
Just installed the newest update and it won t open .
Cbe79 , Please fix ! ! !
New updated version is not not_working on my not_IPhone ,
I m never one to not_write a not_complaint , but I just got the latest update this afternoon and now every time I try to open the app it doesn t work .
I can t even open the app to pin ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
The latest update crashes the app .
Please fix last update ! ! !
Just updated the app and it keeps crashing .
Now can t open app at all .
I love this app but when I updated it , it gave me problems and it wouldn t open .
Tootie1D12 , I just updated my Pinterest to the latest version and now every time I go to open it , the logo comes up but the .
Please fix cause I have gotten so addicted now I can t do anything .
Sandi Sanchez , Once I updated the app it won t open up ! ! !
It was perfect what happened ! ? ?
Every time I try to open it , it just crashes .
Can this please get fixed ASAP , so I can continue using it .
It starts to load but then it crashes .
Just updated it , and the app want open .
KsueM , I love Pinterest but I just upgraded it on my iPhone 4 and now I can t open the app .
Won t even fully load before it crashes .
New version just crashes upon opening .
It crashes as soon I press the Pinterest app icon .
As of update 7/18/13 tried to open app and it just crashes .
I love this app but It keeps crashing when I try to open it ,
Just updated the app and now it will NOT open .
New update crashes .
117brichsrd , I updated the app a couple hours ago and haven t been able to open it since ! !
Tenpoundhero , Crashes on open , needs to be fixed .
RKM53 , I updated my Pinterest and I went to open it but .
I updated my Pinterest app on my iPod and it won t open ! !
I m really upset about the new update it just crashes whenever I try to use it ! ! !
Today s update causes the APP to crash each time I attempt to open it on my IPAD 3 !
New update causes it to crash everytime I try and open it ,
With my iPhone 5 I can t open it without it not_crashing ,
I love the app but the new update makes it crash I can t even open it ,
Maybe when it is updated , the update would not not_cause a not_bug ?
So , okay , let s update it .
No big deal right ?
App crashes after update !
LCD1975 , I love Pinterest but have not not_been not_able to open this app since I did the last update .
I just updated my app and now it won t even open !
I just updated this app and it does not not_want to not_open .
Sense I have updated the app it crashes when I try to open it ,
I just updated the app and now it won t open .
The app crashes every time you open it .
This last update crashes before it starts .
I just completed an update for this app and it won t open .
What else can I do ?
Everytime I open it since the last update it crashes .
The app won t even open before it crashes with the new update .
As of today s update 6/18/13 I can t access Pinterest I can t even Open the app ?
But I can t open it since the new update .
Just downloaded the new update and now I can t even use it .
I tap it and it crashes .
Jlepla , I just downloaded the new update and now my app won t open : ( Pinterest is my obsession !
Kgzhkd , Ever since I updated it the app won t open .
I just upgraded my app and now it won t open !
Leoisresponsible , I just updated and now every time I try to open the app it crashes .
The update made it crash .
Every time I try to go in , it crashes .
I just updated this App & amp ; now it wont even open without not_crashing !
GRRR I hate it when they try to `` fix '' things that are not not_broken .
All it does is crash .
I just updated to the newest version and now I can t open the app .
The pinterest start page shows then crashes .
I updated my Pinterest app today and now it won t open .
I wish there was a way to go back to an older version that worked .
Newest version crashes .
I just installed the newest update and immediately the app crashes when I try to open it .
It crashes immediately every time .
I just updated the app on my iPhone 5 and now it keeps crashing .
Please please fix it fast .
Today , I installed the update and now the app crashes immediately upon opening the app .
Just downloaded the new update and now it won t even get past the white opening page and it crashes .
Well at least it was until I just did the update and now it won t even open ! !
Please get it back to normal ! ! !
After the update today , my Pinterest on my phone is not not_working .
It just crashed after update on iPad , even after reinstall it .
Ever since they updated the app it won t open .
Please fix FAST !
But the latest update keeps crashing and I can t open it .
The update I just did now makes my awesome app crash .
It was a great app but I can barley not_read the not_Pinterest logo without it not_crashing .
but since the new update ... when I try to go into Pinterest..it crashes immediately ,
After the update , the app crashes as soon as I open it .
I LOVE Pinterest , but this all crashes a lot .
It was working then I got an update and it won t let me back in so if you can please fix it ASAP so I can get back on ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
This needs to be fixed a.s.a.p.obviously a bug .
App is great but since I updated it , it will not even not_open ,
Do not not_update not_until fixed ! !
After the last update I can t open the app ! ! ! !
I have an iPhone 5 , so it s not an not_old not_phone issue .
Now the app crashes every time I try to open it .
Please fix this bug soon !
If you haven t already , don t update the app , but chances are that you re here cause of the crash .
It crashes as soon as I press on it .
It crashes every time .
App crashing and can t even open it .
I just updated it this morning and I haven t been able to open the app since !
I updated mine and now it won t open .
I updated the app with the new version and now it won t even open the app .
I just updated my app and ever since I updated it Pinterest won t open !
It just crashes before it even starts up .
starts to open then crashes .
Since the update , it completely crashes before loading on my iPhone 5 .
Just updated to the new version ... and it keeps crashing !
I just updated my Pinterest app and now it won t open .
I can t even use the newest update it crashes every time !
Just updated it to 2.5 and now it crashes every time I try to open the app that seriously does not not_fly with me .
It crashes everytime !
Now that I updated it , it doesn t open ,
Running supported iOS on supported device .
CHE1234 , Just downloaded the latest update and now the app won t open at all .
I m very upset , my Pinterest app was working perfectly til the new update messed it up , now I can t access to it .
Please fix it , please .
I just downloaded the latest update and now I can t even open the app .
I downloaded the newest update and now the app just crashes before it even opens !
I tried deleting it and re downloading it , as well as turning my phone off but neither made a difference .
Please fix this !
Please fix this ASAP .
I updated today and wish I didn t. The app won t open ,
Ltlhub89 , I just updated the app and now it won t open .
Please , please fix !
The new update doesn t let me open the app , please fix this ! ! !
This app crashes as soon as I open it after the last update .
AmyMae907 , I just updated my app and now I can t open it !
The app opens with the Pinterest logo and then crashes a few seconds later .
Your `` update '' has crashed my entire Pinterest .
I can t even open the app now ?
Updated to the newest version & amp ; it crashes on me .
Please fix the update !
I just updated the app on my iPhone and now it won t even open .
It crashes while loading .
I updated the app and now it crashes before anything even shows up .
Please fix ASAP .
I love Pinterest so much but the app really needs work .
Just updated it to the newest version and it crashes every time before it opens all the way .
What s happening ?
Won t even open the app , it just crashes .
Aarond81 , This app won t open since I updated it today .
: / just did the new update .
I updated my Pinterest app , and after reading the new features , I clicked open because it was done loading .
I just updated my app and now it won t even launch ! !
After I did my update , I opened up my app and it would crash .
Please fix it .
cant even open it and it just crashes fix it now ,
Everything was going really great until I did the new update , and it crashed before it even opened ! ! & gt ;
The app now crashes when i open it .
Pintrest has been crashing i opwn up the app and then it goes to my home screen on my device ,
I can t even open the app .
After the new update , it will not not_open on my not_iPhone 4S .
The app opens and then crashes ! ! !
Today I had to update my Pinterest app and once I updated the app , it now closes immediately after opening it .
Just updated new version..now Pinterest won t work..even tried deleting & amp ; put it back on screen still does not not_work..have not_had no not_problems not_till now ,
This new update though made the app crash : ( ,
I updated my app and it just quit working .
I have tried over and over and it will not not_work .
Latest update causes app to crash immediately upon opening .
New version crashes immediately upon trying to open .
Since I updated the app this morning , I haven t even been able to open it because it keeps crashing : ( needs to be fixed !
I adore the site but even though improvements were made to eliminate double pinning , which I love , the app STILL freezes and crashes !
I usually love this app but with the new update it wont open it crashes immedietely after i load it .
I tried deleteing and reloading but it keeps failing .
Only crashes ! !
Every time I try to open the app it just crashes and its been doing this since the last update I would usually rate this app a 4 maybe even a 5 stars it s kinda hard to know what I m rating now if I can t even open the app now ! ! !
Just got the update and now every time I tap the icon , it crashes almost immediately .
Not 5 minutes I updated my app and now it s not not_working .
It crashes every time .
Notrealhappy111 , I downloaded the app and it crashed every time I tried to open it .
m laughing so fugging hard , I just reinstalled the new Pinterest on my iPod 5 and now it won t open .
Just updated and app would crash ,
On the iPhone it will not not_pull not_up I think there is a bug and it needs to be fixed ,
It crashes before it opens .
I just updated the app ( 7/18/13 ) , and it s broken .
I love the Pinterest app on my iPad , but now with the newest update the app crashes all the time !
Every single time I open it it crashes !
Please fix this , so I can enjoy Pinterest on my iPad again !
, I love Pinterest and I use it all the time but now since the new update came out , I can t even open the app !
This update crashes immediately .
Also , I can t delete pins from some of my boards .
Please fix those and I ll be much happier !
I updated app today on my iPod touch and now I can not not_open the not_app it opens and then crashes .
After this newest update my app crashing when I try to open it .
Just downloaded the newest update and it crashes .
I deleted and tried again but all it does is crash .
I ve had the app for about 3 4 months and I have updated once the update came out but for some reason this update didn t let me go into the app every time I tapped on it it would just crash : ( ,
After the update it crashes every single time I try to use it .
But just did the upgrade 10 mins ago and now it will not not_open on my not_iPhone 5 : ( I deleted app twice and rebooted my phone twice and it still wont open .
wuubzy , Just installed new update , now app crashes before it even opens .
But , I updated it and now it won t even let me on it .
Mrs huffy , Just downloaded the new update and can t open the app on my phone : ( ,
After I updated the app I am not not_able to not_open it .
Please fix this I LOVE Pinterest !
I just updated the app , not even not_five not_minutes ago .
Now I can t open it because it keeps crashing !
Just updated the app and now it crashes on start up every time .
I updated and all it does is crash on my iPod touch 5th generation ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I am disappointed that the like button has been removed from the main screen .
Adding another step to like a pin is annoying .
I just updated Pinterest on my iPhone and everytime I go to open it up it crashes : ( ,
Just upgraded and now I can t even open the app !
Just downloaded the latest update & amp ; now it won t even open on my phone !
New updates crashes mime ,
Please fix this ASAP , it s super annoying .
Please fix this ASAP ,
Just installed the latest update and app crashes when I try to open it on my iPhone 5 .
After I updated on my iPhone 5 it won t even open ! !
It crashes immediately !
Please fix this NOW !
I just installed the new update and now the app won t open at all !
It just keeps force closing .
I can t open the app !
Every time I go to open it , it does it s little opening title thing that say Pinterest and then it just closes ! !
I need my Pinterest ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Just got the new update , now my app crashes before it even begins to open .
Please fix it , my boards are calling !
Allynp , I can t open it ,
But I just downloaded the newest update and now when I go to open the app it just keeps closing .
Please fix ASAP !
I just updated my pinterest app on my ipad and now I can t use pinterest anymore .
Please have a new update soon .
What the crap I just updated it and now it won t let me even open my app it keeps crashing & gt ; : ( ,
Your latest update needs to be fixed immediately !
I love this app , but since the new update I can t even open it without not_crashing not_right away .
After the recent update I can t open the app .
It just crashes ! !
But I just updated to the latest version and it crashes before it even opens !
I updated the app and now it won t open !
I love Pinterest but this update has made it crash !
Please fix this .
Please fix ASAP .
I just got the new update and now it just crashes when I open it ,
Keeps crashing not not_good ,
My Pinterest is crashing .
Keeps crashing ,
Updating to the new version was a mistake .
MookieJohnson , The is fine but you need a lot of food to make this and the time when I m need something to eat I look on here but there need to be simple stuff .
Lots of people use the app just never not_took the not_time to write a post .
Idk if anyone else is having this problem .
I just updated the app and now when I try to open it , it crashes !
Bonbonbo_non , I just updated the Pinterest app and now it won t open for me .
Recent update causes app to crash immediately .
with the update , the app always crashes and I click on it , and it just crashes , so don t get this app , it s a waste of your time ,
I LOVE Pinterest , but this update won t let me even open the app before I crashes .
It had crashed every time ! ! !
However new update crashes all the time .
Just updated today , needs to be fixed !
I just did the `` upgrade '' that was suppose to fix pintrest bugs today .
However , this upgrade makes it impossible to even open the app now it just crashes ! ! !
I just updated the Pinterest app today .
Every time I click on the app it crashes almost as soon as the Pinterest logo comes up .
I live Pinterest just got the new update though and it s so messed up !
I have a 4S and every time I try to open the app after updating it earlier today , it crashes immediately .
The updates provide great service too !
I just updated it & amp ; it opens then crashes please fix ,
I hope the makers are able to fix this problem with their next update and I hope this next update comes asap because it s become a real problem .
\\n\\nUpdate 07/18 : The crashing still has not not_been not_fixed .
Time that I go on this app it crashes and kicks me out after a period of time causing me to lose place and find things all over again .
And just before writing this I received an update notification where the only thing being updated was the addition of pinning from an iPad !
I am not not_able to not_open up the app after this version ,
I just updated my app and now it won t work .
It crashes every time I open it .
Eva_Maria19 , Every time I open Pinterest since updating it , it crashes instantly and goes back to my home screen .
I just updated my app and every time I try to open it it crashes !
Updated Pinterest and it crashes the second I open it ! ! ! !
Can t even load the app now that I updated my app .
Love but crashes on me almost every time .
Now that I just updated the app it won t even come up .
I just updated my app and now every time I open it , it crashes after a second or two .
App is not not_working not_?
Do not not_update !
I love this app there are sooo many great ideas ! ! !
Normally would give it a 5 star because i love this app but I just updated it and it keeps crashing now .
It crashes as soon as I try to open the app .
After updating Pinterest , I am not not_able to not_open it .
I just downloaded the latest update and can not not_open the not_app .
It immediately crashes .
I love this app but this caused me to have to delete it just to see if it will allow me to go in it after I download it again .
After latest update today , crashes as soon as you open the app .
Latest release crashes every time !
Kxndnsisj , I just downloaded the latest update for the Pinterest app and now when I try to open it , it will just close down .
I have an iPhone 4S and my software is up to date so I have no not_clue not_why I can t open it .
Please fix ASAP !
Just updated it .
I updated my Pinterest and now it doesn t want to open !
If I knew this was going to happen , I would of never not_updated it .
The latest update was a huge fail .
Keeps crashing ,
Please fix this !
Lbrinck , So I just updated my Pinterest app and now I can t open it .
Please fix it .
Please fix I miss my Pinterest !
Or maybe not not_being not_able to like the same picture more than once if that s possible ?
IT LITERALLY CRASHED FIVE TIMES THIS MORNING !
I try not to not_spend not_too much time on this app but I do love it !
If u need a little inspiration or just trying to kill some time ... genius !
I ve gotten so many great ideas for my house and classroom just from seeing what other people are doing .
Informative , I need to put some of this information to use .
Occasionally has a glitch or two but few and far between \\nOverall an awesome website turned app\\nNo place better to find a million cool ideas and things all in one place \\nI m convinced that if you can t fid something on Pintrest it s because it does not not_exist ,
I highly recommend Pinterest !
Overall quick and useful , my only complaint is that the newest version I have used you have to click on a pin to repin it , whereas before you could like or repin without not_doing not_this by clicking on a small icon below the pin .
Used to love it ... ... until 90 % of my pins disappeared ... ... .what happened ? ?
The app is great and all but , I think there should be a One Direction category .
I just love Pinterest !
There are so many creative ideas on here .
Some of the most beautiful and awesome pictures are here for me to pin and enjoy !
It crashes after about 5 10 minutes .
I love it but annoying when it s stops loading others pins in a category and you have to exit and go back in ,
I love being able to share great ideas and how to s with others .
I love the way the layout is placed , and there are so many ideas .
It is a little annoying to have to open the photo to be able to like it , but pinning is easy as you just have to hold your finger on it for a second and choose the board .
Ugh love looking and pinning but all of my memory is used up and when i want to retrieve something I can t search with in my pages so .
Tons and tons of fun stuff , never not_know not_what you are going to find .
I don t really care about the space it takes up and so what if you have to click on the pic to like it , what s one second .
I have had absolutely no not_problems with not_this app .
Sure , it takes up a lot of room on whichever device you re installing it on , but that s to be expected when you can go on this site and lean how to cool a five star meal , make the best margarita anyone will ever have , plan the cutest outfit , create a collage out of something you thought was trash , decorate your house to be the cutest thing in the world , make a new face mask , and anything else you can think of .
I just love Pinterest .
I need more time in the day to make all the great ideas I found !
It is addicting & amp ; can therefore be time consuming but in a good way since you re only looking at information that is of interest to you vs looking it up online where you then have to sort through various sites of information that may or may not not_be not_specifically what you are looking for depending on how it s linked to your key word .
\\n\\nUpdate on my review : \\nAfter a couple of updates , this still crashes when I go to the source .
Pinterest has also showed me how to get rid of some of that tension in my upper back and tips on studying .
I think there should be a way to repin everything in someone else s board .
Heymo , I m an addict , old or new version , I just love this app !
This is one of the best apps you could add to your phone or tablet .
Just wish the links from pins worked more consistently .
What in the world did we ever do before Pinterest ?
Just keep pinning ! !
You have to fix this .
It crashes in the middle of browsing boards , makes it hard to find something you were just about to repin .
Please fix it so it doesn t crash so often though .
I just need to let you guys know that this app is excellent .
They need to make a way to allow you to directly pin something by upload or linking .
As it is right now , you have to go in a round about way of doing such a simple task .
The web version doesn t force us to jump through hoops , why should this app ?
Love the app but it crashes too often .
I enjoy exploring until it crashes again .
I can t look at any pins without it not_crashing !
Why isn t there an iPad integrated share button from the safari share ?
Pintrest has become my vision board , my wish list , and my `` can t forget how to do that '' board that is right at my finger tips !
Almost in love but a lot of the links won t load or load but aren t functional needs a little work .
I get spend so much time just searching everything I can think of on here .
However I do not not_like not_how you have to click on the picture to pin something now !
Just don t understand why they limit how many boards you can create .
Do you think that the people who made this app were like `` gosh people are going to use this for hours so lets make it crash every 20 minutes and crash if they scroll too fast '' or do you think they just can t figure out how to fix it ?
Either way it s super annoying !
The only problem I have is that I ve been sucked in and it s so addicting !
If you decide to make soap please use an electric grater .
I love the fact that you can create multiple boards and have Public and Private ones ,
Please reverse it back to where you could like a picture without not_opening it .
Love this app but it has been crashing a lot lately .
Mimipapageorgio , This a pretty great app , but it doesn t load all of my pins and it has crashed more times than I care to think about .
I find it very inconvenient to have to click on the pin so I can like it .
Once you start you can t stop !
There are great ideas out there .
Memory hog , but I don t think you can get around that .
I don t have time to wright a review , I need to get back to Pintrest cause I might miss something !
Use it for planning home decor , bookmarking `` How To '' informational references as well as design inspirations !
you can find anything you need !
Please HELP with MEMORY ? !
Pininterest still crashes sometimes when you are on it or open it .
And it has bugs on it they need to assess the whole app and fix what needs to be fixed .
Next they need to improve how it lets you search your pins because some times it doesn t work .
Lastly they need a better filter when you search pins most of the time half the pins on the page are not not_related to your not_search or repetitive .
If they don t fix it soon I m considering deleting because its been a while and nothing has been fixed , added , or improved !
Love that I can add my own pics !
App crashes when I use it a lot .
Great app but sometimes when I am looking at pins the app crashes and when I reopen the app I can t find what I was looking at .
You can use it for everything ! !
Pinterest seems to forget me from one device to the next .
I just hope the links to my pins don t get lost ! !
Just love it !
But I feel like something s missing .
I don t know what , it just is ,
I just wish there was a way it would eliminate pins I already have .
I use this app the most on my phone ... if I m at the market and need a quick grocery list , if I m brainstorming for different projects..anything really..this app is the best ,
The cache of memory takes up gigs of space until you have to delete the app and reinstall .
When you have multiple pages open , you can swipe from right to left to go back a page , but there s no way to not_go not_from left to right .
\\n\\nI recommend getting it , it works well for browsing .
For example , you start a `` recipes '' board and it starts to be so big that you want to subdivide it into `` desserts , '' `` vegetables , '' etc .
My one problem is that sometimes , when it is loading pins , it will just quit on me .
I have created things from this site , I have cooked new recipes that became a hit from this site , and I have discovered new things I love from this site .
I have so much fun on Pinterest , I forget the time ! !
But whenever I click on a big picture like a tutorial or something it just automatically crashes !
I don t know if it has to do with the size of the picture or the loading , but I do get a little tired of it crashing when I m trying to read something .
Just two things : ( 1 ) the links from some pictures have stopped working , and ( 2 ) we need a way to recover tabs that we slide to the left .
Please bring back the like button without not_having to not_open the whole posted pin .
I already wasted enough time on here , I don t need to open the pin to know I like it .
For the people complaining about this update taking away the like button , all you have to do to pin is hold down on the picture and the shortcut pinning menu will come up .
I don t think you can create original pins on the app like you can online but that s about my only complaint ,
Please allow screen rotation in future release .
Good app , I recommend it .
You must download !
Latest version needs to get the bug out that keeps randomly dumping me out .
I need a twelve step program .
Y all need to make some cool T shirts for Pinteresters .
Really like app , but do have problems with it locking up .
I love the means to share creativity using the technology available to nearly anyone and everyone .
Please get rid of the fake sale pins .
I made my EX husband his Father s Day gift from an idea I got off here .
However , I don t love how you can t scroll indefinitely anymore .
I love the app and recommend it all the time .
I almost forgot to mention the diy section .
It just takes away some of the fun when it becomes a chore to share things on your page .
I marvel at how talented people are and it provides me with a daily dose of creativity and ingenuity !
It has created an amazing platform for collaborating with other classroom teachers .
The only problem with Pinterest is that it is so addicting !
And you actually don t have to make the picture big to repin it on the new format , you just have to hold your finger on the picture for a second and it will repin it !
I can sort all my ideas into categories and I never not_forget a not_DIY project anymore !
I especially use it for craft ideas , but love it equally to track various things I just love : furniture , jewelry , fashion , vintage items , etc.\\n\\nThe mobile app works just as well for my needs as the desktop version .
Pinterest has everything I need !
One of my favorite apps just takes up too much memory .
I would like to have the like option back : D ,
The app works well and provides a convenient way to kill time .
It s very user friendly & amp ; I just love the beautiful pics that you have access to .
It crashes all the time ,
\\n\\nLove Pinterest but please fix glitch oh and the like and pin button on the image would be amazing so you don t have to click on it would be amazing ,
How did I ever survive before Pinterest ?
The mobile app still has some bugs to work out but it improves greatly with each update .
Love this app can t live without it .
Love pinterest for ideas on how to decorate our new home .
Never thought I could get so addicted !
It s a fun app until it crashes .
Photos fail on upload sometimes .
this update is awesome but I wish there was an easier way to like the pic .
My BIGGEST COMPLAINT is that it crashes a lot and when it does you can t go back to the same place you were at when it shut down without not_warning .
My other complaint is that they don t have enough categories in any version and many of them are mixed , again in any version , so you have to wade through a lot of stuff you don t like to find the category you do .
If you are stuck and need any ideas on just about anything Pinterest is it ! !
I think you should totally get this app !
I like the fixes they made .
I truly heart this powerful app except that it crashes quite frequently .
Yes it gives u lovely nail hair food tatoo and room ideas but it unbelievably addicting and u wish u could have the rooms and I get so jealous but yes it s a great app I gave it four stars because nothing s perfect like it does take up a lot of memory ,
I wish there was a way you could search our own pins for items .
Never crashes !
Awesome tips it is so good that the people post they just are fantastic they help me out so much with all the ideas I made some and I loved it Pinterest I give a 5 star rating ! ! ! ! ! !
I think it s a great app but I think you should be able to combine 2 or more boards together if you would like to , because if you have 2 boards that are a lot alike and you just want to combine them together , no one not_would not_want to go through and edit or repin all their pins from one board to the other .
Memory space can be an issue .
And I love that I can use it on the go .
I used to hate the app because it crashed all the time .
So glad that bug has been fixed .
I am also an iPhone user that prefers landscape view which I can t on your app .
, You need this for everyday rituals to make life easy at any age !
\\nI do wish there was a way to eliminate so many multiple pins popping up for the same recipe .
\\nMaybe if there was a way to have them all link together or something .
The basic functions for adding and deleting your pins are easy to figure out , and the concept of the site is useful for creating side by side comparisons of things you might like to buy .
Especially if you forgot your list if you re doing a craft or such , you can just grab it off the app .
This is a problem I have more often than I d like to admit , but it really isn t a problem anymore .
I have tried updating and reinstalling , and I still get the same error .
It is great to explore when you are somewhere you have to wait , like the doctor s office .
I would say that 90 % of the time it crashes .
Love Pinterest but agree with other reviewers that the last app update took away desired functionality now that you have to click to open the item before you can like it .
I hate that it crashes now and then .
The ideas Pinterest has given me for my events are great !
D shrewsy , I love Pinterest and the app , except for the change where you have to click on a pin to like it .
I may cancel some magazine subscriptions because everything I need is on pinterest ... decorating and craft ideas , recipes , cleaning tips , fashion and kid crafts and advice .
My mini vacation spot when I need a little beauty or inspiration in my day !
Whenever I am waiting in line , or for a late friend at a coffee shop I just pull out my iPhone and pin .
Please make a 1 1 ratio of picture to recipe .
I ve learned how to make decorations for my home , birthday parties , holidays , and I love all the recipes ! !
only complaint is that I like to save some of the pictures and a lot of times the app freezes and I can t do that .
Functions well ; easy to navigate ; rarely not_crashes .
I ve only got an 8gb , so this may not not_be a not_problem for everyone , but for me it stinks .
It still crashes , but not as not_much as it not_used to .
One thing , can you figure out how to make it not not_crash not_so much ?
I mean at times , RIGHT when I want to `` like '' , comment , repin or share a picture , it crashes at really bad times ! !
Would be nice to be able to move the pins around to order them as your most to least favorite or whatever .
I loved Pinterest until I updated it .
Its so frustrating when it crashes ( which happens more than any other app on my phone ) because I have to scroll through all of the pins that I have already looked at to find the new ones ... its too slow and does not not_load not_very well either .
It s great therapy for me and I can find anything I may be looking for ?
I would just suggest one thing to the developers .
For example , as I m planning a wedding , I have about 5 different boards for wedding tips , dresses , photography , etc . if I could have one board for `` wedding '' and put the other 5 under that board , it would be much cleaner and organized .
I just love it for ideas and goals for travel .
This app is so handy to have because if you need some quick inspiration it is there at your fingertips ! ! !
The like button is missing ?
Thank u The ideas and tips it offers is priceless\\nThank you ,
Pinterest should be called Pinspiration !
I just wish it was around when I was planning my wedding .
I had always wondered how to pin an image from an outside website with the app .
All of that excitement was in vain however because if I attempt to pin from another site , it crashes .
Having only used the most recent version of app I can t comment too much .
They need to rethink that one with the next update maybe .
Make it stop , please ! ! !
I used to have no not_issues with not_this app .
For the last month I have been unable to use it as it won t let me log in via fb .
Never have problems with this app .
Love the app , but extremely frustrated that it crashes constantly .
Please fix this problem so I can change my rating , because the app is worth 5 stars ! !
I know how to cook more than just Mac and cheese ! ! !
I love this app but it crashes after 10 15minutes of using it , almost everytime .
Only thing I do not not_like not_us when the site it takes you to is not not_working or not_valid .
You will not not_be not_able to put it down ! ! !
Do not not_like the not_current version however !
I am planning a wedding and I can t tell you how convenient it has been to have an entire board full of my favorite ideas .
I do think that the mobile version is better than the desktop version , however they have made some great improvements now making it much easier !
Everyone should have Pinterest !
The only problem is that I seem to have a problem finding things I ve pinned .
This app has awesome tips and awesome ideas for projects and everything when you need a quick idea !
No more like button , please bring it back .
It is full of wonderful , creative ideas that are very useful .
Love this so much but it should have a `` Done it `` button ,
Once I m on it is hard to step out !
They should be double checked ; and if indeed they are spam or not not_correct not_they should be removed .
Otherwise , I have no not_issues with not_this app .
Please have your code elves in Silicon Valley slay this data dragon !
I recommend this site to any one & amp ; everyone ! ! !
Please fix this problem ! !
I never have not_problems with it .
I just love Pinterest .
Please fix the crashes ! !
This app has provided me with a plethora of ideas for my home and classroom .
I have had no not_problems and not_did not have a not_previous not_version to compare to .
I have no not_choice not_but to just use The computer version .
Don t have any problems .
Mom , It s very fun to use and connect but , it needs a direction page for US first time users who have no not_idea not_how it works .
How do I get my App choice to post on my FB page ?
Please fix this ! ! ! !
If I need something , I go to pinterest first , whether it is a new hairstyle or home decorating or whatever else I need .
Please fix this ! !
Once I start pinning I can t stop ! !
I could sit on this app all day it s so good , it s a problem .
Overall a fun app but I wish you could pin multiple things at once .
There are so many awesome ideas .
I am not a not_crafty not_person but have made a few things as gifts that came out great , as well as freezer meals before I had my son , and much more .
I love it , but always use my IPad crashes constantly !
I so need sub categories .
\\nSometimes have issues rearranging my boards too .
I have never not_had one not_issue with it !
\\nI only gave it 4 stars because I d like to rearrange boards easier and have sub boards within a board .
The idea is so creative in itself that it makes creativity easier for me !
I barely knew how to work it !
However , I am starting slowly but surely to get the hang of the update ; which is why I believe 4 stars should suffice .
Love this app ... but why is it almost 2gb ?
I m so glad it s available to the public .
Why does this app use so much memory ! ?
Please bring it back ! !
\\n\\nThat being said , this app is so easy to use and I recommend it heartily .
My connection sometimes crashes on my iPad I wish I had a way to get to the spot where I was .
If you already like Pinterest , are curious to find out what it is , or want an easy way to collect ideas online , I recommend the Pinterest app .
Sew and so , I thoroughly enjoy looking for sewing and embroidery pins but I find it annoying that it crashes often and I have to get in again and try to find where I was looking before .
You have to get the app or else Pinterest will not not_work on your not_mobile .
Love the app but you need an easier way to scroll through pins you have `` liked '' and maybe a way to easily move your likes to a board instead of having to pin .
My only complaint is that I would like to have a way to pin items from a website using my IPhone .
Don t even need to explain why it is so great .
Whenever I need inspiration or plan a party this site is my GO TO !
Love the app overall but I have I unfollowed users numerous times and yet they are never not_removed not_from my list and I still see posts from the ones that HAVE finally been removed .
I had to put one star so I could rate the worthless APP , but it should be ZERO stars ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
When I need a laugh I just browse the humor section .
Also I would like to have the ability to make a collage in a bulletin board format with ease .
I don t like the scroll feature how you have to go down a list I would like it to be more dynamic .
Can use it for many ideas , recipes , remedies etc .
And I want to clarify that I have no not_issues not_when `` re pinning '' things .
My difficulty only comes from adding pins that are not not_already on not_Pinterest .
My only complaint of the app is the memory issues .
No other popular app has this problem .
The developers really need to make the app s memory work more efficiently .
Just don t like that if you have too many pins in one category , you can t see the rest of them unless you delete some .
Great app for fitness , clothing , house , cooking , & amp ; wedding ideas and learning just about how to do anything !
I love Pinterest on how easy it is to find ideas and share them , but would like to see the `` like '' bottom come back from the tile screen .
Please fix this back .
The problem I have is as I was enjoying my travel I searched one thing and another popped up .
It would be nice to keep this clean .
Please don t ruin this for others ! ! !
I love my pinterest and i get lots of cool ideas but it crashes alot .
\\nBut now I can t do it , I didn t getting \\nhow to do it , how to Pin my favorite \\nthings .
But i have to delete it because it uses WAY too much space on my ipod .
Please fix this so i can download it again .
I just think that there should be more categories available !
My other problem is that somehow I got a warning saying I pinned a inappropriate pin !
If I wouldn t have this problem , the app would have gotten 5 stars but for now a 3 is generous enough .
But for some reason the app will crash after i pin some items after a while or if I move previous pins to a new board .
It s quite addicting but it crashes after about 20 min for me .
I don t know if everyone else has this problem too .
This is an amazing site , but the app requires lots of memory , so you have to keep deleting and reinstalling .
It also crashes much too frequently for me .
Keeps crashing , but it s wonderful , otherwise !
I can t stop pinning .
This app is awesome and all , but it crashes A TON ! ! ! ! !
Can you please fix the crashing and bring the like and pin button back ? ! !
The one thing I would like for it to change is that on the computer on pinterest you can see how many pins each one of your boards has but you can t see that on the phones or iPods but other than that I love it ! ! ! ! ! !
Love this app but I hate that you can t do everything on the app that you can do on the website .
It wasn t broke , why did you feel the need to `` fix it '' ?
Hate that sometimes when you want more info on an item , that the site is no longer not_available .
why the heck does it use so much memory though ? ! ?
Love Pinterest but that app crashes about every 10 15 minutes and that drives me nuts : ( ,
I love this app I love that you can look at all the different category s you want !
I didn t expect the mobile app to be great since I enjoy large screen foe viewing massing amount of pins at a time .
Occasional crashes but I m so grateful for Pinterest ! ! !
I love it its my go to app when I need some tips in fashion , hair , makeup , and more ,
Please add the like and repin buttons back ! !
But why did you change it , so now you have to click on the photo and wait for it to load the .
I miss just scrolling thought and pining or liking to read it later .
Everyone needs a Pinterest break for rejuvenation .
All you have to do is press and hold the photo a couple seconds to pin .
\\n\\nHowever , now the alphabet is missing from the right side of the list of folders on the mobile app .
Love it use it for ideas on how to do my hair and nails for dances and parties .
I LOVE Pinterest and it works great most of the time but it crashes at some point practically every time I m on it !
I try to scroll down and the page disappears and there is no way to not_get not_back to where I was ... but other than that I like it , many options do do DIY crafts or to look for a new fashion !
If you look on the Internet , you can find instructions on how to make a bookmark so that you can pin stuff on your iPod and iPad .
Wish I could see others profiles tho , no to not_creep just not_wanted to see what peeps are about .
They continually enhance & amp ; update the site & amp ; app with new , intuitive features .
I like the content but I haven t figured out how to use the site very well .
It needs to be easier to pin .
\\nThe only bad thing is you can never not_look not_quickly ! ! !
While I love Pinterest , my one and only complaint is that this app CONSTANTLY crashes !
Please fix the crashing ! ! ! !
Please fix that .
Please fix it .
\\n\\nNothing takes more of my time on my phone ( not not_clear not_if that s a good thing or a bad thing ) ,
I didn t know what it was and just thought it was another technology time waster but it really has some wonderful info on it .
Love that you can just press and hold to pin , but please put the like button back , so I can instantly like something without not_having to not_open picture .
I tried to clear my cache and it literally froze my phone up twice because it was so much information and I never not_realized not_I needed to be emptying it all the time .
Fix this , please !
My sister recommended this app and I have used it ever since .
I just wish the app wasn t so strange consuming .
Amazing but should have a warning for how addictive it is !
As if I needed another way to be addicted to Pinterest !
Definitely addicting ... don t like the change where you have to click the pic in order to pin though .
My only complaint is I wish it would let me know if I already pinned the same thing so I won t repin it again !
I can find all the tutorials that I need ^_^ ,
The crashing is annoying , but I m sure the engineers are working on it .
Would love a `` done it '' pin added in a future update .
It crashes every 7 8 minutes on my iPhone and it gets really annoying especially if you are in the middle of pinning something .
The aforementioned Note 2 , in the same location , has no not_problems .
Highly recommend it !
SUPER hate the new update there is no longer a not_pin or not_like button on the front page , you have to go into the pin to like it .
I just love it !
I just LOVE it !
However , I d much rather just not have it not_crash .
I just love it and so will you !
Learned so many tricks and how to make stuff !
If you love Pinterest , I believe you will enjoy using this app everywhere you go .
Just beware ~ you can spend hours browsing through Pinterest !
I just browse DIY when bored .
That way I can still use the other apps on my phone .
: ) if u need an idea , or something to do u can get on Pinterest and you find great ideas and some fun things to do !
I have never not_had not_any problems with it .
Only issue is sometimes you run out of items and have to go back .
Also if you can t get the browser to function properly , it should just be taken out of the app .
I wish there was a way of saving a recipe to a file for later call up .
If there is currently a way to do this I don t know it .
So much space that my iPad crashed and I had to have it restored at my local Apple store .
If you do not not_go into the not_Account Settings and clear all the data and pictures everytime you use the app , it hogs up space and will create a serious problem for you later .
I like having all my resources at my fingertips , and not not_stack not_piling them in multiple file cabinets .
I try searching my pins , but it hardly not_ever not_finds them , even though the description clearly has the words I am searching for .
Just bought our first home and getting a lot of ideas !
But , what are the drawbacks you ask ?
I probably don t know how to use it properly but I m entertained for hours .
The humor is great because sometimes you just need a good laugh : ) ,
I am finally learning how to cook .
TED monster , I think everyone should be on pinterest .
It s easy to use and the first place to go when I want info on how to make something .
I have contacted Apple & amp ; they said it s a problem with the Pinterest app .
Love Pinterest ... just wish I could use it on my I Pad ! ! !
I don t know why but I just deleted it .
I love Pinterest , whenever I come to a long pin , it crashes !
Another improvement I would love to see is the option to move pins to a new board of mine without not_having to not_repin each thing again like I just found it .
I need to start using all my pins ! ! !
Instead you have to actually go into each picture that you have an interest in .
Would like to see the ability to pin put back on the first place that you see a pin not not_when you have to not_go into the actual pin itself .
AmandaS75 , On my iPod Touch ( 4th generation ) I can not not_use not_this current version .
I highly recommend Pinterest .
I created 5 boards in a matter of a minute !
However , when it tells you when you have already pinned something , I wish it would tell you what board you already posted it to ! !
I m not not_sure not_how to operate the site .
Just wish I wouldn t have to click on the picture to pin or like something .
When I m out and about and need to check a pin , the app is easy to use and access .
I just deleted this app because it seems to be an actual browser which never not_dumps the not_cache .
When you are browsing , you can t return to where you were .
Please fix the like button to what is was before the update , it so much more user friendly when you could like something and didn t have to download it first .
Just check out their pins !
I also appreciate the folders that can be `` locked '' so that only you can see what is pinned in there instead of the whole Pinterest community .
Another cool feature is if you find someone with similar interests , you can follow whatever folders ( boards ) they have made .
I still like Diigo , but now just use that for my students , and I use Pinterest for my personal use .
I love this site because I like to see what others are creating .
These are shared ideas from others who have completed projects and great ideas on how to make them more efficiently .
It just takes more time .
now u have to explain to my trainer why i dont get into the gym ne more !
The only complaint I have is that you can hit the like button from the main page .
It would be nice to just repin or like without not_having to not_open the entire picture .
If you don t have this app yet , you need it if you like to make things or just get ideas .
Never have any problems : ) ,
Please don t ever leave me .
Haven t had any major problems with the Pinterest app .
How did I live without not_Pinterest not_before ! ?
\\nNow I need to do some of the stuff ! !
I LOVE this app ~ BUT it crashes all the time ! !
Other then that five stars ~ but please fix the crashing issue ! ! !
Helps me plan stuff .
They still need to go back to one column .
I ve had an account with Pinterest for a while now and I had gotten the app too , they ve done so many new fixes and upgrades since then that I just LOVE IT !
A few minor bugs and some crashes but just addicting .
Love this app ... how did I function without it not_?
People have posted nude and crude pictures so just report those !
It should have a back button to not not_loose your not_place but that is all .
Please change it back !
Also every time I try to post a comment it blocks me and tells me I m spam .
A great way to keep track of nearly everything you ever want to do , plan to do , hope to do , or dream of someday doing .
\\nI would give it 5 stars if the uploading issues could be fixed .
I just wish you could pin something from safari ,
I would ve given it a five star , except I can barely use it !
It crashes so much sometimes I can t repin something , because it crashes .
Fix it , please !
The new version crashes approximately every 30 minutes .
No like button and it crashes every few minutes .
However , I continue to have issues with freezing when accessing the source sites for pins , and frequently get thrown off .
I can do research on places I plan to travel to and be inspired by beauty and wisdom .
You can create collages from your pins .
I hate that this last update doesnt have the like button in the main page ... its neat that u can pin it by just clicking the picture but we need the like button again .
easy to get on and just look up something really quickly .
great for when my sister is using my laptop , I can use the app to get ideas for outfits , hair , decorating , just about anything !
I can t stop looking !
It has made some upgrades and they may be a little challenging getting use to .
Love the app , but only giving 4 stars as I can not not_figure not_out how to tag friends in a pin as the upgrade promised .
Now I can support my Pinterest addiction anywhere I go , but its kind of hard to navigate the pictures ,
Why can t every app be this easy ?
I miss when the boards were in alphabetical order ; and you did not have to not_click on the not_pin to pin it , the pin button was on the front of the pin .
I would suggest getting .
I love Pinterest in general , and the app is ok , but it would be cool to slide through pins like you can pictures on Facebook .
I do like how it shows the board you pinned to after so you can double check having selected the correct one .
Oh thanks for adding the you already pinned this cant tell you how many repeat pins I had !
Love to pin just dislike how on the iPad it kicks me out every time I use it when I m browsing the Internet thru Pinterest annoying please fix !
Pinterest has added spice to my life and made me a hit with all my friends ! ! !
I like the Send feature but you need to go back to the way the app was before when you didn t have to click on the picture to Pin or Like something .
I love how you can get recipes , fashion , crafts , DIY projects , and you can just have fun !
Everyone should use pinterest in my opinion .
Not liking the fact you have to open it to Pin , but not not_all the not_time .
I like the app , but it would be better if you could do certain things on the app that at this point you can not .
You have to go online to do that .
Please go back , I am having more problems with it than ever .
We need now video mode ,
I like the update besides the fact you can t like the thumbnail version of it .
I just love it !
Then it will crash the whole app .
I only wish you could post to Instagram as well .
The iPad app crashes routinely .
Love the app except you can t flip the phone sideways and view on the widescreen .
I m sure there are options that could improve this app / but all in all I find this app does all I need it to on my iPhone .
Love this app when I need to look something up real quick ( recipe , make up tip , at home remedy or repair , etc . ) .
I love seeing other people s great ideas and being able to store their s and mine in one easily accessible location .
I love this site , I like the app except the latest update makes it so you have to click on a pic to like it which I m not not_fond of .
Why do you need half my phone resources ?
I would rather look at Pintrest on my computer than my iPhone or iPad as it crashes every time I want to see something up close .
Just want landscape someday .
I m glad I was introduced to it , very addictive but has TONS if great crafts , DIY , quotes , ideas , everything you can think of ! ! ! !
The ideas are endless .
As a busy wife and mom it gives me so many ideas that I can use everyday to make my life easier ! ! ! !
BeautyFoodie , Simple , easy to use and crashes much less not_after not_most recent update .
Can u make more options like kids fashion or play ground ,
So I was not not_able to not_use the app at all , hence the 1 star rating .
Please provide the option to log in using someone else s FB account .
Sometimes I need to have multiple pins open as I m cooking and I can t do that with this app .
Please bring back the like button ! !
Please fix the update .
I no longer not_need to not_pour through dozens of magazines ; if something is worth sharing , odds are , it s on pinterest !
It was perfect until they updated it .
\\n\\nWith regards to Pinterest in general , I have a problem with the limited number of secret boards .
Pinterest is so much fun and there are so many ideas !
I never have a not_problem not_navigating the site and can go back to review all pins to my boards with no not_problem !
\\n\\nI really ENJOY using Pinterest from my iPad and look forward to adding the pens , perusing the new pins of others , and generally being entertained by the discoveries .
First off , it crashes when I m in the middle of scrolling for no not_apparent not_reason .
I feel like it s hit or miss as to if the app will actually work .
I wish there was a way to avoid unwanted ads and areas of non interest .
Continues to crash after 20 min of the app being open .
I can use this for everything !
Alana Cielo , I like the app a lot it s just the only problem is that since I updated it I have to hit the picture to pin it instead of just going through the feed and hitting the pin button ,
Does Pintrest make sure the links go to the picture or is there a chance of clicking a page that leads to a virus or spyware ?
But , I did give it a four because now you have to click the picture to like it and the sensitivity of the right swipe , you lose your place and have to reload your category .
Great time waster and awesome ideas on how to kill time in the future .
I love Pinterest but the new update to the app made an extra step to like something : ( .
Having read previous reviews , I have to say I would like to have a `` like '' button , however I don t so I can only review on my experience with pinterest as it is set up now .
\\n\\nUpdate 7/7/13\\nI haven t had nearly the same freezing issues as I did in the past .
It s annoying and a waste of time not to not_be not_able to be shown how it works .
Yes it s annoying that you have to click on the picture to say you like it but it takes 1 second .
I love this app and yes I m addicted but I still haven t figured out how to post my own pins .
The best part is that you can pinned in your board , but you give credit to the person that you had copied from .
I would like to see 3 improvements : \\n1 ) Be able to arrange my boards alphabetically or otherwise .
When the app is working its great , I wish there was a better way to know who follows you back ,
I haven t had any problems with it !
You have to click each item before you can like or pin it which slows down the process and makes it difficult to browse .
It s quite frustrating , please consider fixing .
Instead of wasting hundreds of dollars on name brand clothing and items , people around the world can show you how to get something similar for so much cheaper !
I recommend pininterest when you r bored or want a quick laugh .
The app is fairly easy to learn how to pin things and put things in separate categories for easy access later .
The iPad app is okay but it is a pain to try and figure out how to pin something from the web .
It s okay to look but not not_very not_functional if you find something online that you want to save .
Please fix this problem .
I have an iPhone 5 not not_sure not_if this is the issue .
People who are complaining about it are jerks who think that something should work their way instead of the way it actually works .
However I agree with others , put some previous features back please .
I m wondering why it is taking so long to fix the email function .
Otherwise , I like it don t need the Like button as many other users are looking to use .
The program crashes on my iPad constantly .
I just LOVE all of the ideas .
THE ONLY THING I wish is that there is some way we can share certain pins with particular people ( like if I m following someone I know and find something they would like or if i need their opinion on it , I would like to BE ABLE TO SHARE THAT PIN ) .
I love pinterest but the app itself is slow and crashes .
I have had no not_problems with the not_app .
However , the app version crashes so often I get discouraged .
I have tried turning everything else off , rebooting and still it crashes .
Also you can t just like it , you have to click on the pin and then you can like it .
I used to just use Pinterest for humor pins but I am stuck on a strict no not_starch not_diet and Pinterest ( specifically via this app ) has been the best resource anywhere for great recipes .
But there are a few things that could use a little tweaking .
Awesome for pulling up pins on the go to get recipes and ingredients or supplies needed to make the pins I have posted .
I love this app , it especially comes in handy when I need ideas for parties , baby showers , holidays etc : ) ! !
\\nTo anyone posting photos of the human body , especially female ones , it s very likely that you ll be emailed saying your pin was removed because if nudity .
\\nSo if you plan to post a lot of female models in erotic poses just be prepared to have it removed .
Everyone should have a Pinterest account !
Wish I could have an app that is just a pin and connects with my pins ,
I like Pinterest , but I just downloaded the app and it doesn t keep me logged in and every time I try to log back in , it says there s on error on their end and that it can t log me in .
Whenever I need a cool recipe or fun craft , this is the first place to go !
Works great , easy to use , though some features not not_intuitive , not_such as how to pin something from an outside source .
Please give users the option to update or not .
Just installed this , I m really enjoying this .
Ever since these last few updates where we had to hold on the picture to repin it , the app crashes faster ! !
I know others who have had this same issue .
Is there a support group for pinterest addiction ?
Nice app but it repeatedly crashes on me .
So I looked it up and other people have the same problem .
If you are out and need to look up something for a project it is right there .
It never not_fails to not_amaze me and give me fun and exciting new ideas and recipes .
I have been unable to find out how to post to Pintrest from my iPad .
I hate it when I pin an item only to find it s just a picture ... no not_instructions not_( how to make or where to buy ) .
Please put the pin and like buttons on the Pin .
People are rating it low since you can t just click like on a picture while you re scrolling through , but rather have to take the time to click on the picture to like it .
Shouldn t have updated..it crashes and saving pictures to my camera roll takes FOREVER , then I can t get it to stop saving and I m stuck doing nothing .
Don t recommend this version .
Passed a pinterest idea off as mine ; ) \\n\\nThat s what it s there for right ?
It crashes quite often , but that may be my iPad s fault more than the program s. Endlessly diverting .
I have suggested this seemingly simple concept to pintrest before but they seem to have no not_desire to not_implement this and make it more user friendly .
I love Pinterest anyone who knows me could tell you that !
So please fix the crashing !
Everything that s anything is here !
Nice app to post pics !
Would suggest more frequent rotation of projects .
There are so many ideas to find for so many different needs .
This will be my first year teaching and Pinterest has provided me with so many classroom ideas !
It does everything you need it to .
\\n2 ) You are unable to access the Pintrest site itself from within the app .
Why is this a problem ?
Please do a better job getting spammers off your site .
Please block these users and make your site useful again !
Why didn t I jump on board this craze earlier ?
Goddess1957 , I love to sit back and look for ideas but it crashes so often it drives me bonkers .
I did find that seeing the page with all the pins of the people you follow was missing , but that could also be my own ineptitude .
The only problem is , and maybe this is a larger Pinterest problem , one of my boards became a `` Halloween '' board instead of my `` Album Cover Artwork '' and has populated my board with tons of pins that I didn t pin .
Great ideas and stuff , only downside is missing the like button & amp ; there os not not_enough not_time in the day .
I love Pinterest but it crashes every five minutes or so .
Great app , but tends to crash .
Pretty good app , but it crashes sometimes and loses what I was reading .
Also , I found it hard to first understand how to work the app .
I love Pinterest and I think the way the app is designed is very nice but I d sure like it if it would freeze and crash all the time !
I wish you could still just pin and like without not_having to not_click on the pic .
But , I think the like button should be with the pin on the home page .
It s annoying now that u have to click on that pin and then you can hit the like button .
I am here almost everyday .
Please keep up the good work .
Either way it s not a not_deal not_breaker because the app really is great .
Unicorns should have a wind sock on their horns so they would the be useful .
What is the point of using the app if it crashes and then I have to scroll down through all of the pins to get back to where I was before .
Please fix this .
I am beginning to think that I am going to have to set an alarm or start a support group or my housework may never not_get not_done !
I definitely recommend the app , it makes viewing pinterest much better on the iPad .
I love that you can just press and hold a pin to repin it .
Pinterest provides me with so many new , fresh ideas for cooking , crafts , and home decor !
How did I live without it ! not_? ! not_?
Gives helpful ideas ; but half of the things can t purchase what I like !
I don t really care the `` Like '' button is missing like a lot of users seem to .
\\n\\nAnyway , there IS now a reminder when it seems you re about to pin something you ve already pinned .
\\n\\nOtherwise I agree with other posts that the like/pin buttons need to be available without not_clicking on the not_picture if you re in a hurry and just want to save it for later .
\\n\\nAlso in my ipad app i am not not_able to not_change my cover photo for my boards .
They need to work on their cache settings .
When we deleted the app , it crashed her phone and we had to restore factory settings .
The only thing I don t care for is for the ones who post pictures that you have to click on twelve different things to try and find the recipe , and then the recipe doesn t exist !
I love this app , it s so easy to find the greatest ideas for anything you can think of ! !
\\n\\nI love the latest version , but would like to see the like button brought back !
Anytime I need and idea an inspiration or just a visual pick me up this is the first place I turn .
Sometimes the links crash on my iPad .
Only problem I have is sometimes it randomly crashes , right in the middle of something !
I have made some food and done some DIY from Pintrest : ) I d recommend to anyone : ) ,
Love it but please bring back the like button .
Only problem is if you start scrolling late at night , you probably won t get very much sleep lol oh well , that s on you !
Random provocative photo with a caption that says `` You can look like this with this 30 day diet '' .
But why does it have to use so much of my memory ?
Just because I view images doesn t mean they need to be in my cache taking up my memory .
Blown away by the talent and ideas that are out there !
What did I do before Pinterest ?
But I hate that it doesn t go straight to the app when I try to pin from my web browser .
Also it would be nice if you could use a custom picture for pins that don t have a pinnable image .
Thank God for whoever made this app ! ! !
Everything you can think of is here !
The app frequently crashes ( so annoying ) but it s worth it .
Love Pinterest , what did I do before it ?
But I m not not_happy with it not_always crashing , I have even cleaned up my iPad and it still crashes .
It s not just not_once in a not_while the app will crash , it s almost every couple of minutes .
I will be on the app for 20 to 30 minutes and the app crashed at least 10 to 15 times .
This new way is too many steps .
there are no not_problems .
Wish it would go back to just clicking repin instead of clicking the picture then repinning ,
\\nIn addition , rarely not_does the not_app open to the same set of pins as it showed when it crashed .
\\nThese two issues really need to be fixed as they undermine all of the excellent attributes .
Positive : new updates with search feature are pretty helpful to search your own pins or all pins\\n\\nNegative : it crashes time to time .
1TOPGUNN , All time best ever pictures and ideas ever seen ... ... ... ..you will be absolutely so amazed you will not not_be not_able to take your eyes off it ! ! ! ! !
Every time I try to pin something my app crashes : ( it s seriously getting in the way of my Pinterest addiction : ( ,
I m not a not_huge not_fan of the latest update because it requires more steps .
Sometimes pics of food provide no not_recipe .
Polarbearsfreak , It s a great app with tons of new ideas that I can look for dinner , bedroom , crafts , etc . just got an iPad and love the look and ease of using it .
There are so many good food , home remedies , DIY , Travel ideas and many more .
Also you need a way for links to pins being automatically included !
The ease of moving around could be improved , it can be awkward to get from place to place .
My biggest problem is the crashing .
I bet it crashed on me 6 or 7 times in a brief time the last time I was on which is very discouraging since I really do like the app .
But please please bring back the like button ! !
Since the upgrade , it continuously crashes on both my iPad & amp ; iPhone .
I m going to school for Graphic Design and Pinterest is where I go every time I need some inspiration !
Haven t had any problems with it .
I enjoy the sarcasm of the Humor section but we need more !
I think there should be filters on what is put on Pinterest .
Pinterest needs to do something about all the diet ads !
Great app , but please bring back older version !
With the new updates it s crashing less not_often .
Please add a `` view in safari '' option and the app will be even better .
My only complaint is that it crashes quite frequently and there is no not_`` not_back '' feature .
I love pinterest but this app crashes on my iPad and iPhone all the time .
Please add the `` like '' feature back to my feed of pins that pinned by individuals I follow .
I love the app but don t like the fact that you now have to make the pic bigger just to like it .
And I have no not_problem with not_pinning .
I realize you can Hoover picture and pin but you can t like there .
Now you just have to hold a picture to pin but on the iPad you have to browse through all your boards .
It needs to have the most recently picked option like the iPhone app .
Maybe you could look in to try and fix those things ?
I need you in my life pinterest !
But it seems the crashing has been fixed !
Only wish is that they could create a button to report when pins have broken links .
Dear addicts , can not not_stop not_pinning as well ... all ur favs in one stop , it can become something of anything u desire , as they say happy pinning within the world u love and create ur self .
Don t like the drop..crash .
I love this app but I hate that it crashes when I sometimes click on photos .
Please fix this .
Only dislike is the new version and how you have to click on a picture to like it .
Please keep the wonderful work up Pinterest .
I enjoy almost everything about Pinterest except when I use it on my iPad it continues to crash .
The function that notifies me when I ve pinned something before , is not not_working .
One of the few things I ll ever do a rating for ( that also probably doesn t even need a rating ) .
It is annoying that it constantly crashes .
That needs to be fixed , before I will use it again .
Awesome app but could use some tweaking .
I loved it more when the like and pin was available on the small screens ,
Love sharing ideas and it is great that they have already been tested !
It s great to be able to easily find a recipe in the grocery store to be sure you have everything you need .
I am in love with Pinterest , I just don t like some of the lost functionality with iPad .
It won t let me post comments .
Says I need to confirm email .
However , it let me post comments for about 3 days after an update then back to issue .
Don t have issues with it .
There are so many great ideas on this app .
Please fix this !
It is such a wonderful place to go if you want to dream or if you just want a good laugh !
myA s , Just simply awesome , however it closes for no not_apparent not_reason when I m getting to we re I need to be : ( \\nPlease PLEASE fix ! ! !
I find this app definitely useful and fun , but it keeps crashing , especially when I take a closer look at particularly long posts .
I have to pin anything I find even remotely interesting , because otherwise it will crash and I ll never not_see it not_again .
There are still some bugs but overall it s great and easy to use .
\\nHate that you can t like a pin from main screen , bring it back ! ! !
Great app , I love that I can use it on the go !
The only problem is that it crashes fairly frequently .
however , it crashes a bit more than I would like .
All my pins here when I need them .
I love having all my favorite stuff right where I can find it , and I love the plethora of fabulous ideas available on here .
What in the world did we do before Pinterest ? ?
My title is basically my issue .
I can t deal .
I enjoy everything about this app except when it crashes and I lose my place on a board ,
At first it was form letters and then when that didn t help , the person who took over my complaint just suggested help topics from the FAQ .
The only major flaw is it crashes at least once or twice a day , sometimes many more times .
Please fix this bug , then I ll give it 5 stars .
Great for outfit ideas , recipes , WEDDING PLANNING ( how I use it most since I just got engaged ) , ring shopping ( so helpful for my fianc ?
Every now and then it crashes when I try to look at a pin on the Internet but overall good !
I m not not_really not_sure why this info is stored on my phone itself ?
I have never not_had not_any issues using it .
Then I saw this really cool quote that I loved and it was completely appropriate but someone must have accidentally clicked spam and now I can t repin ! !
Please fix this : ) ,
I wish you could arrange pins within a board ( or have sub folders ) , but the search feature helps out with finding things within a board .
This could use some work .
We love ideas and all the how to not not_`` not_hey you need to diet '' .
Never had any problems ! !
I love it , I ve found great ideas on how to mix my wardrobe , great holiday decorating ideas and recipes , but I liked the older version where you can tap to , pin , and the app is slower , but it s so convenient and a great idea !
Why can t you see all of your likes ?
\\nI do get frustrated when it kicks me off every time it updates .
The like button was eliminated and now it crashes within a few minutes of me using the app .
Please fix , I ve stopped using the app because of the crashes .
Love concept , app crashes a lot and it s frustrating .
Like I said , I have not not_been not_creating these boards or pinning these things .
BUT : I miss repinning without not_opening , not_why can t I pin something I ve already taken a picture of , and please make it stop crashing !
I highly recommend this site to anyone that loves to try new ideas that actually work .
I love the app since I can pin on the go but there are a few problems with it .
Appreciate the ease of `` pinning '' and the ability to utilize an app that supports it as well !
It keeps exiting when I m looking at pictures fix it now just go on the mobile website way easier .
The new way to pin is so easy and great ! ! !
\\n\\nThe new way of choosing the board to pin is good also .
I ve been able to learn ways to save money , plan cool birthday parties for my boys and eat healthier .
The like and re pin options require me to select the pin and then select those options .
I have made some delicious meals and have had everything at my finger tips !
I see a lot if people complaining about the new update , but I have not not_had not_any problems since they worked out the bugs from its initial launch .
The like button is still available as well as the pin button without not_clicking on the not_picture .
I hate when ever I m reading something or looking at something cool it exited me out of the app and I lose what I was reading please fix immediately I love the app it s awesome do I would like to fix that so I can go on it with our being exited out ,
I love Pinterest but after i pin about 30 consecutive things or even if i pin on thing and then pin another it crashes .
Please create a new update ! !
What ever makes you happing or you are interested in is here in Pintrest !
But overall I recommend this to everyone .
I actually like that you have to enlarge to like .
This app crashes once I select a picture .
So easy and I have all of the pins when I need them .
I like that you can send pins to friends that they might like .
The way your app builds up a cache might seem convenient , but it s poor coding for an iOS app .
Once fixed , I will update my review .
It allows you to decide what photos you like and most likely will be astounded at all the photographs that you can select that will be at your beaconed call .
They seem to have fixed the crashing issue that this app used to have !
I love the concept but it is constantly crashing .
I have an iPad 1 but I m not not_sure that not_s the problem .
However , I have a couple issues that are keeping me from giving it 5 stars .
Another other issue is how long it takes to load a pin ( although that may not not_be the not_app s issue I m not not_completely not_sure ) .
I can t count how many times a day I use this app !
I love this app , whenever you need any ideas this app is the place to go .
I wish you could keep loading the category pages like when I ve scrolled through women s fashion , I would like to keep scrolling .
Also you need a dorm category and a disney category .
How about you ?
The feature of liking items could be spruced up to be more convenient .
Otherwise it s great and I think there should be a cake category .
The problem is that I get stacked and have to delete and reload the app over and over ... ,
As many have complaints of have to wait for the pics to load before they can like or pin .
The only thing I don t like is that the other site that gives you more information ask you to down load their apps and before you know it you storage space is out .
I ve found so many delicious recipes and decor ideas that are practical and affordable ! ! ! ! ! !
What I can t stand is when the app just shuts down when I m in the middle of pinning something , then I can t find it again .
And this new way of picking a board is a mess .
Haven t had any problem with app functionality , but Pinterest really should have a way to report spam .
I do have occasional issues with it crashing , which is why I didn t give it 5 stars .
Love this app , but crashes periodically on my iPad .
Thankfully it rarely not_happens , not_but it would be nice to be able to report that kind of thing .
It is my go to when I need inspiration for a meal , decorating , or school activity .
No need to say more .
wish there was an easier way to like photos .
But the app can use some improvement .
I just love it ! ! ! !
But after the new update I can not not_use the not_app as swiftly as I had before .
Before the update you could like something with ONE tap of your finger , but now you have to click the picture , like the post , hit the back button and waste time in doing so .
I did in fact try to report the problem to Pinterest , but that too I found far more tedious than I thought it would be , claiming that I needed a snapshot from my camera roll to accompany my complaint .
I go here whenever I need an idea for literally anything !
I agree with the others that the like button needs to come back on the main screen without not_having to not_click on the picture !
There is also an issue occasionally in sizing and finding your way around that to repin without not_backing not_out controlling the size and then repin .
I just wish you could scroll through images to the side so we can maximize the view before clicking on it .
Search the web and never not_forget not_where you saw the cute picture , recipe or outfit , just pin it to your board !
I just love it .
I absolutely recommend this app to everyone I know !
Don t have any problems with this app except that I had to go online to follow one of my friends because it doesn t give you the option to search for your friends by name .
Sometimes crashes .
I like it but it crashes all the time on my iPad ! ! ! !
Pinterest , why are you always crashing ?
I love the idea of easier pinning but I wish you could make it to where it was easier to like stuff .
I like the update but sometimes it takes a while when I try to pin something because you have to hold it .
I agree with one of the comments about Pinterest crashing on iPhone .
I wish I could have more than 3 private boards !
I ve gotten many great ideas and inspirations from the pins available and look forward to many more !
I just love this place .
You can t look at just one thing , you HAVE to keep scrolling down to find the coolest , most interesting things .
Now it crashes all the time especially since I can t pin from main board anymore .
You have to actually go into the pin itself to like it .
Super fun , addicting app , but sometimes it will randomly crash and you have to go back and find the board you were on , etc .
it however , after about 30 45 minutes it crashes in the middle of an article and I d have to reopen the app .
I like that you can find anything from a recipe to what goes with real colored pants !
It takes too long to repin by holding it down or clicking on it please bring back these buttons for WAY FASTER pinning ! ! ! !
It provides so many ideas for every area of life .
Once you start you can t stop .
I love pintrest when it works right I tells me no not_pins not_available alot n I can t view Who is following me .
Only suggestion is to fix sort of boards ,
The search should be linked to the origin not the not_comments not_people make .
This app makes me not not_be not_able to finish my homework .
Now that s gone , and you have to scroll through the whole thing , which is much less not_convenient and not_very annoying .
Please , please don t let that happen anymore !
On the mobile app , why is it possible to add a comment to a pin that you upload but not to a not_pin you not_re repinning from someone else s board ?
\\nFor such a basic functionality to be missing is weird .
\\n\\n \\n\\nI m not not_completely not_sure how to use Pinterest , but it s intriguing and beautiful and refreshingly innovative .
\\n\\nI agree with another commentor that it is disappointing not to not_be not_able to pin using the app .
Would be nice to have that capability .
Sometimes it s just a pic without not_detail as to not_what it is or how to do it .
I find so many great ideas I just love this site .
I need the like button back ! ! !
Please bring back the like and pin buttons so that you don t have to click on the item first ! !
But I to wish the like button was still readily available .
Would be nice to be able to move pins round easily .
Updates have really made this a great app ,
The like button needs to return or have a double tap option like Instagram .
That is a problem that needs to be addressed !
Almost any category of pictures is available .
Only had minor issues with the app but nothing that made it hard to use or inconvenienced me !
I had no not_idea not_I could have so much fun without the not_clutter .
It s lively and fun but will you PLEASE FIX THE CRASHES !
Other than that its a fantastic use of my time ; and I recommend it to anyone who likes pictures !
Love the app , but it could use some improvements like pinning without not_having to not_open it , crashing , etc . ,
I recommend this lovely app to anyone with any hobbies/interests .
Everything and Anything you would need or like to know .
How did I live without it not_?
So easy to keep track of ideas , latest update not the not_best not_too many steps and no not_like not_button , apps always seem to change things to make it easier to use , but screw everything up in the process , if it ain t broke don t fix it !
When I m pinning , I ve noticed the only time it says that I ve already pinned it , is if the caption stayed the same .
I ve noticed several duplicate pins just with different captions .
What happened to the infinite scroll ?
\\n\\nTo help all of my fellow Pintersters on iPads/iPhones : \\nTo `` quick pin '' just hold your finger on the the pin of your choice and it will allow you to pin as before !
With this latest update you can t hit like when just scrolling down ... bring back the like button please !
Everything you can think of for ideas is here on Pinterest !
It crashes sometimes .
I like the new suggestions at the bottom if the pin , but losing the letters that made filing into a board quick is a major loss !
It is amazing what you will find and learn on this app .
Still wish there was an easy way to pin from sites not not_already not_included in Pinterest .
Hi could you please help me .
Seems like there should be something that could be done to fix it !
Although this app crashes quite a bit , I love Pinterest .
I recommend this app !
Becky Lynn , Why does this app take up so much space ?
Haven t had it crash in a while ,
Please return the Like button to the main page .
Crashes sometimes but all apps can have issues at times !
the only thing I suggest is to give back the like button so you can like something when scrolling through feed .
It s not not_`` not_pinning faster '' as they say you have to hold on the picture for to long and wait for your board list to come up .
That or you have to click on the item and do it manually .
They changed it so you only need to press and hold the image to pin it .
It s actually better now because you never have to not_leave the not_main pin board to pin something .
But , you have to click on the image to like it ; which is the only fault for me .
I recommend this site to everyone I know !
This is one of the best designed mobile apps available .
My life would hold no not_purpose and not_boredom would overtake my soul .
Please fix these bugs ! !
Pictures of all over the world , do you want to see what Nepal looks like ?
Want a tip on how to plant rhubarb , beans , or a flower bulb .
Just love it !
Haven t had any issues with the new update and like the fact I can press and hold over a pic to pin it , makes pinning faster lol ,
I do think the program has need of much improvement and needs to be more user friendly as mentioned by other users .
s. OK , so this is what I have problems with : 1 ) when viewing Pinterest on my desktop , the pictures overlap each other making it difficult to view what I have recently pinned as differentiate my boards , 2 ) I would like to be able to pin more than one item at a time , I think the pin option should be like your email as far as being able to select a number of pins at one time and then placing it within your desired board , 3 ) I would also like to be able to like several pics at one time without it not_having not_load the pic , like it & amp ; then close it , very inefficient IMO , & amp ; lastly this may apply to the iPad only however , when I am viewing and pinning pics through my iPad the program randomly closes out & amp ; then I have to reopen and scroll down to the section that I was previously viewing which is a hassle at times because often I end up scrolling through several screens before I can get back to the section I was viewing .
Please , please , please Pinterest resolve these issues and I will be a loyal pinner for life & amp ; I will update my rating to ?
People are saying you have to click on the picture to pin something BUT you don t have to ( : just hold your thumb down on the picture to pin something !
The only thing keeping me from 5 stars is that it still crashes occasionally , but it has gotten a lot better .
I love pinterest and this app is great , I like you can edit your boards , but it shuts off at random intervals .
I m so glad they updated so you can now search thru your own pins , but it would be nice to have the like button back .
I wish there was a way to hide any pin you don t want to see and if there is a way I wish it was more clear how to do it ( I have tried everything ! )
Bring back 1 click feature so you don t have to click on a pic 2x in order to like it and its annoying after you click on an item and hit PIN it brings up all the extra images within the pinned item that needs to go .
Still a BIG fan but the update needs an update .
For those of us managing multiple accounts , we need the ability to toggle between accounts on the mobile app .
I enjoy Pinterest , there is so many ideas that you can use in your everyday life !
It used to be that you could repin or like a pin without not_having to not_click on it and go to its page .
In this `` updated version '' you have to go into the page of the pin to repin or like and it is annoying enough that I have stopped using the app and started using the desktop version .
Now that I know how to use it , I am finding out how wonderful it really is !
Please bring back the Pin button .
Now , you have to scroll through ALL your boards if you want to get to the last board .
Only problem is when it freezes or shuts down ,
I use this app just about every day in search if new ideas and recipes .
I don t know if there is a way of not not_but on my not_smart phone wished I could have my boards listed alphabetically or could do a quick search .
Is there a 10 step program for pinaholics ?
My only complaint is that on the computer or on the phone you can t rearrange your pins on a board without not_having to not_move it to a new board and move it back again .
They need to develop a way to drag pins wherever you want on a board , then it will merit 5 stars in my opinion .
My favorite everyone needs to get on here ,
I don t know how I ever made it without not_Pinterest not_I have boxes of magazines and papers filled with ideas this makes it so simple .
\\n\\nThe only drawback that I have seen thus far is being able to easily Customize my Home page and to create links from pictures that I upload myself .
\\n\\nThe only question remains is can they figure out how to expand their platform to be more social communication Friendly for that I say `` Give me a call '' I didn t give Disney the Holy Grail kernel of my platform and no one has not_figured it not_out yet \\n\\nMeanwhile in the words of the movie Field Of Dreams I m building it so they will come .
There are so many DIY ideas on here !
No matter how many times I update this app , it crashes , while I m trying to pin something .
So it crashes , and is then lost which is crazy annoying !
Please fix it !
Love having Pinterest whenever I need it .
You have to click open the pin to repin it with updated version .
I love cooking , but can t print out on my iPad mini .
So , when I come across a recipe I like , I just pin it to my Pinterest album labeled `` Recipes '' .
I just wish the pictures load faster and had better information attached .
After I restored my apps , I can no longer not_sign in to not_pinterest using my twitter account and there is no way to not_rectify not_this .
Two\\ncomplaints , the app had horrible connectivity issues ( shuts down frequently ) and I am not not_able to not_download a couple of photos .
I hope you are working on a fix !
I have had no not_issues .
I can t even log in ... keeps giving me an error .
\\n\\n9/9/12 : \\nThis app is still having issues .
Now it tells me that it lost Internet connection & amp ; I can t do anything until I shut the phone off & amp ; then turn it back on .
\\n\\n8/20/12 Update : \\nI thought the recent update would fix the bugs , but it hasn t. It s better , but still having issues .
So then I ll try to go to another screen or look at another board hoping it will update , but it doesn t. Please fix this soon .
This app had minimal problems before the update/change .
I have to log out all the time because it gets hung up & amp ; stops showing the pictures and/or won t let you pin anything .
Please fix this soon !
Never had an issue .
Haven t had any problems so far .
This product is great for ideas for anything you want to do weather it is arts and crafts , gardening or designing a room in your house .
One of the best apps available !
I find out soooo many things I can use in my life .
Really like it although it would be nice if you could search in each category also .
Extremely recommend this app ,
Once you start , you just can t stop !
\\nWhenever I need a rest , This app helps me .
After the most recent upgrade it still crashes randomly .
I don t even have to be on for a long period of time it crashes after looking at a few pins .
You should have it .
Was there life before Pinterest ?
Never crashes and is user friendly !
Since I updated the app , mine will crash periodically when I m looking at a link from a pin .
and wish I could recommend pins to friends .
So many great ideas and recipes that are fast , easy , but good also .
Now that the bugs have been fixed , this is a great app !
We just love it !
Great for ideas or just killing time by collecting pictures ,
How do I pin things from the Internet ?
I see how to repin but not not_how to not_post new material ,
I recommend lots of ppl to download app ,
It crashes way to often ,
\\nI just love it ! !
I love the concept of Pinterest and have found some great ideas but I need space on my phone .
Please fix the storage cache in the next update & amp ; I will rate the app much higher .
I only wish that I could have a second Pinterest for my students and a way to switch back and forth between the two on my phone !
The only problem is that it crashes at lot when you re in the middle of looking at something .
Now you have to click on the actual item and select I don t know why they would revert but other than that a great app .
I really recommend this application , you will like it a lot !
Just get it , it s pretty cool .
Please fix the bugs ! ! !
I wish you could make another app called `` Pinspiration '' where you can find a picture and make something like it .
Haven t had any issues yet , keep up the good work !
Pros : beautiful app , added search suggestion\\n\\nCons : crashes way too frequently .
\\n\\nSuggestions : make it crash less , not_be not_able to pin to multiple boards at once ,
For a busy mom that doesn t know how to cook , it has been a God send .
I just love this app ! !
I love Pinterest especially the recipes and decorating ideas but like the other pinners please bring back the like button ,
Had it in the past and deleted it because it crashed more than it worked .
Please bring back the `` like '' button !
now you have to actually click on the picture to pin it where as before there was the option to pin it just on the home page and you could just move along quicker .
There are many good ideas for everyone s interests .
Love the geek section , great way to pass time , can spend a good 2 hours just browsing all the cool stuff !
I like that you can save the pixs onto your camera roll now and how you can suggest a pin to a friend .
PINTEREST ALWAYS CRASHES WHEN I TRY TO CHECK IT AND IT S SO ANNOYING ,
This App is pure genius and I love it but it there needs to be a rating filter .
Please do what s right and help us all from seeing things we don t want to .
You get to explore a little bit of everything , but please put the LIKE button back !
From hobbies you d like to pick up , recipes you d like to master , dresses you d want to attempt to make , alcoholic beverages to try , and even historic events and handy quotes to uplift you .
It would be nice if the app could consolidate the pinning so that when multiple people like the same thing it doesn t show up each and every time .
\\nWhy mess w a good thing though bring back the Pin '' button , please !
whw0604 , I love , love Pinterest but what s with the weight loss ads , how to look skinny in photos stuff ?
No instructions on how and not not_user not_friendly when you have problems like this .
Although the app has a few bugs to fix , I m sure they will continue making good decisions and improvements .
I try to pin something , but once I click it , it crashes and I can t find it again so I can never not_pin not_what I want !
once you start you can t stop , I was curious and slowly grew an addiction .
I don t absolutely hate the new version but it would be nice just to have a repin button again ! !
The like and pin button need to come back and the app crashes all the time .
\\nHave had a little issue pinning from my iPhone , but I think that was due to poor signal .
I love the secret boards , but wish you could make it public to specific friends .
Can t praise this site enough ! !
What did I do before Pinterest ?
This would be a 5 star rating if there was a more convenient way to search pins that I ve pinned before .
This has got to be the best app ever , who needs cookbooks anymore when you have an unlimited amount of recipes to choose from ! ! !
The first issue is how much data it caches .
Upon deleting the app , I then have to restart my phone which can take up to forty five minutes as it clears all the data ( this is the only time I ever have this issue with my phone ) .
Now you have to either press and hold the item to pin it , which doesn t always work but is always slow , or open the pin to like it .
I made some mistakes myself when I first started to use it , but that was my fault .
but have gotten soooo many great ideas : ) I think this updated version is even better now that you can share and comment on other people s posts !
Please fix or I m quitin on Pinterest .
I have no not_problems with the not_usability of the app , but right now it is the largest app on my iPad at over a gig of memory .
I think this caching problem is something important to be addressed ( soon ! )
Please put it back the way it was !
It s great for when u are planning events or projects .
Or if u need new recipe ideas or just like looking at cool pics .
Pinterest is my go to place for everything and anything I need or need to know .
Thank you for being what every girl needs !
I love the fact that you can pin something by just holding your finger on it for a second instead of having to make the pic bigger : ) keep up the good work I love this version ! !
There is so many different ideas on it and they all inspire me as well as I find most of my clothing stores and hair styles from here .
It always updates the sites and ideas and its overall an awesome app .
They need to bring the like feature .
Leaving you to have to tap the screens back button to original page .
Primarily in the hiding of the navigation buttons unless I explicitly drag them down from the top why can t I just swipe to go back ?
I think the way you double tap to repin in the droid app is a little nicer .
My only request is that you could view pins in landscape view or zoom in because sometimes it can be a little small and hard to read .
I would stay on for days if I could but somebody s needs to feed the children LOL can t get enough ! ! ! ! ! !
I can t stop looking at everything on Pinterest !
\\nMy only complaint/suggestion is that when you click on a picture you can t turn the phone sideways to see it bigger .
But it tends to crash .
I m reading something hilarious but I haven t had time to pin and then it crashes ! ! !
I m addicted to the concept of this ap but don t particularly like that you can only see pins from those you are following .
The ap crashes constantly on my iPad .
I don t want to have to look through nail art when I m looking for hair ideas and vice versa .
However , the app has crashed a few times , and always before I ve pinned , and then I can t find the thing again .
I DO NOT like the new update where you have to press and hold the picture to repin .
Really good , but still needs some tweaking .
It can tell a story .
You guys really need to make that easier for us pinners .
I also love how you can follow someone else who has similar taste OR check out something new !
Thank you for finally adding the feature that tells me I already pinned something !
So nice to have when you have to sit and wait somewhere .
I planned my daughters birthday through this along with my wedding !
I personally haven t tried any of the recipes on here yet but I can t wait to ! !
My only problem is that my app always crashes now and it s about every 10 min .
Almost all of my favorite recipes are from Pinterest ... never not_had a not_problem with it !
It has everything I need from recipes to fun homemade Christmas gifts !
I didn t expect this app to be so useful and inspirational .
I just got this app and now I m addicted !
I can not not_tell you not_how much more easy it is to pick up a project and start working on it or trying a new recipe without not_having to not_lug my computer around .
\\nI wish there was a way to avoid the dead end sights like flkr or tumblr .
I love pinterest , its my life saver , when i need a recipe , workout , fashion ideas i just click and take a look at my boards .
I recommend it .
Pinterest has added some new features lately that make it even more fabulous .
It has helped me decorate my apartment , feed my guests with a huge menu , and it s even helped me plan my future wedding .
I love Pinterest and i recommend it to everyone I know !
I really love this app and I m addicted to Pinterest bow but whenever I select a picture to look at it closer the app crashes and its impossible to fond the picture again without not_scrolling not_through a ton of pictures I have already seen PLEASE FIX but thanks for the awesome app !
Truly the most perfect way to share things you are passionate about .
The only thing I don t like is that with the new version you can t like or repin immediately , you have to make it bigger ,
I deeply dislike having to open a picture to like it The old way was better ! ! ! !
Only problem is it can be really slow once in a while .
The last update requires to many clicks and reduces speed in finding what I like and want to save !
With the update you just keep your finger on the pic for like a second and you can pin it that easily .
The ideas , recipes , and interests are amazing .
I do however like that you can now search your own pins , that s awesome .
It crashes all the time , it often says no not_pins not_are available & amp ; most of all I miss being able to pin & amp ; like something without not_having to not_click on it & amp ; leave the page I was on .
It shouldn t be a problem going back but very often it is because the app will crash right in the middle of a pin & amp ; when I reopen it , I m not not_able to not_start where I left off .
Just like Pinterest .
one of my favorite apps , but don t like that you have to open the pictures now to pin them .
Haven t seen anything else so informative since google when I want to learn how to do a task or project .
When introduced to pinterest I knew I was going to have a problem .
Highly recommend this app .
But on my iPad this app often crashes ,
Please bring it back !
The mobile app crashes a lot for me , but love everything else !
Awesome app but very frustrating when you search and search for something and the app crashes before you finish reading the article .
Just add a like and pin button to the pins while your scrolling ! !
You need to bring back the like button and include a zoom on the pictures ! !
I dont care about the LIKE feature but pinning in general is easy now that all you have to do is hold down the image !
Okay , i love pinterest but the only problem now is that i have to click the picture just to repin or like the picture .
I wish it would ask you , `` Are you sure you want to pin to _ _ _ _ _ board ? ''
I also liked having my boards in alphabetical order !
Used to love it but what happened to the easy click pin it and like buttons ? ?
Please bring back the option to pin or like without not_having to not_click on the item .
Worst customer service EVER in the event you have a problem !
Just download it .
The only thing I have to complain is every update seems to make it less and not_less not_user friendly and I have to re learn how to use the app ; other than that I m happy ?
Thanks rating again : Thanks for adding the scroll to top still love me some Pinterest !
I hate that it crashes so often !
I didn t like the new version at first ... where was the `` pin it '' button on the big list ?
Never knew you could get so many ideas from a pic .
I was still able to log in on my computer , and I even made a new pinterest with a separate email and it still will not not_work .
It has a couple bugs , but overall I love it .
I love you Pinterest , but you really need to have a lighter application to be useable .
About every 10 minutes , it crashes and I have to reboot it .
All you have to do is log in ... ..you ll understand .
I have no not_complaints with not_this one and it has never not_crashed .
I just love it ; it s so addicting .
I do not not_like that on the not_recent update you have to click on the picture first before you can like something .
I absolutely love this app , but please put the like and pin buttons back .
Not too many problems with it crashing .
I really like Pinterest in general , but I d like to be able to like or repin something by just touching the button .
There are so many ideas on here !
It s a great way to save ideas without the not_clutter of not_paper everywhere that you ll never not_find not_when you need it !
I really like having it on my phone but it just takes up too much space .
Its like having every magazine , every educational video and everything else you could think of all in one place .
It is like making many visual boards that don t clutter up my office space , yet are always available at the palm of my hand !
Please bring it back !
While Pinterest as a whole is pretty nifty ( despite the fact that this review template opened up with a 5 star , love it kind of review already populated ) , what I need is easier transitions between pinning , liking and browsing .
\\n\\nMy other concern is regarding the `` like '' button ( the heart from the browsing page ) it is now missing .
This needs to come back , because liking something should take less not_time not_than pinning something .
Like everyone else , I agree this version needs some fixing !
And I can t tweet a pin from my phone at all : ( go back to the last version .
Please fix this problem I want my app back ! !
But every single time I go on , after about 3 minutes it crashes .
It doesn t seem like anybody else has this problem , but I would love if you would fix it .
Wish the ability to fetch more pins was available .
You can use it on the go ! !
Love to start my day with viewing new meals to make , some cool pictures and the fun tech gadgets I can add to my tech gadget collection .
It s a fun sight to have , to go see what s newly posted and pin it yourself .
Does what it s supposed to , just wish I could work with my\\nProfile easier .
This is one of those apps that works a bit differently than the site but is great in its own ways , you can tell they really thought about how best to adapt it to the little iPhone screen in a visually attractive and functional way .
Just hold down the picture and the pin option screen shows up .
I can t get enough of it now that the updates are here .
I also like the prayers that circulate ... .adding them to my prayer board helps me feel blessed to pray for people I may or may not not_even\\nknow !
I just love Pinterest ! ! !
How did I make it BP ( before Pinterest ) ?
Wish that bug could be fixed .
\\nLove love every page of that is available .
Ever since the update , about every 3rd or 4th time ( sometimes even sooner ) Pinterest as a whole closes automatically and I need to reboot it .
I just can t stop .
It s always crashing but other than that , GREAT .
If you think the wedding planning and recipes are boring , Pinterest has plenty more to offer , such as two boards dedicated to humor and geek culture .
I use this app every day and font have any problems !
Works just like the website .
Does about what I d expect !
I also love to post stuff and I also like going around and looking at what others posted .
I keep having the app fail and I am getting tried of it !
Still learning how to pin and share stuff on FB ,
Please fix this glitch .
It s really nice to have and get ideas , but it needs to go back to its original version , but besides that , I really enjoy it : ) ,
Love seeing what others post .
Great app however there are toooo many crashes !
It would be nice if Pinners could be spared offensive pics while glancing thru recipes and nature pics !
I love the fact I can find pictures and create boards of my interest .
It s a good thing that my house does not not_get the not_best of cell service or I d never not_get not_anything done .
How could you not not_love not_this place ?
Pinterest is awesome I love it on my I pad mini the only thing bad is that I can t change my board covers unless I am on my computer ,
We planned my parents entire 50th Ann bash from diff city s and had a AWSOME celebration .
I can t just look at something , I get memorized for hours and hours ! ! !
I find everything I need on Pinterest !
The only down side is that if ur in there for awhile juar pinning away it just happens to just like crash or something it then takes u out of Pinterest and back to ur apps erasing where u left off its the only reason for a 4 star rating .
Have had no not_problems , and it not_s super easy to use .
I like the app and have never not_had an not_issue with it !
Love the app but you still have to click on pics and then hit pin or like ... please bring back the shortcuts so we don t have to waste time clicking and loading the pin .
I think that there is a large misconception that needs to be addressed for many users b/c it s effecting ur ratings .
It looks as if many people had the same issue I did until I was notified by a dialog box that you only have to PRESS & amp ; HOLD TO REPIN ITEMS !
Haven t had any problems with this app ! ! !
As for the app , it crashes often when you click in a pin .
Please bring back the pin button on the feed !
Every time I open the app it runs for a few minutes , and then it crashes .
Please fix it .
It has so many uses and I highly recommend getting it .
Great app and all submissions by others have helped me creating new ideas for parties .
With the new update , it seems to crash every time you try to look at your re pins or when you try to look at other pins .
I can use it for all aspects of my life .
I spend lots of time on it just scrolling and pinning things straight from my feed .
Is there a detox program for addictions to Pintrest ?
Have enjoyed the pins I ve physically pursued , and plan to try the thousands I hold in reserve for that `` someday '' !
Please fix this ! !
I haven t had any problems : ) ,
You don t have to click on every pin before you repin like everyone is saying .
I just love Pinterest ! !
You could like and repin stuff by just tapping it .
Sometimes it s a little slow and it crashes and I have to restart , but that doesn t happen very often .
When I first started using Pinterest I didn t know how to use , and after I figured it out BAM !
Also , app crashes periodically .
\\nImprove the glitches , please ,
I just love Pinterest period .
I would really like to see a like button on the images though .
Some links don t work and it is frustrating and they should have more videos .
Don t know how I would function without it not_: not_) all of the other reviewers have said they can t pin without not_clicking on the not_picture .
Well if they would ve watched the instructions when you first opened it after the update you would know you just hold the picture for a second and then you pick a board .
Content is generally very good , but the system crashes often .
Still trying to figure out how to move around but for the most part , a great place to share information & amp ; get information on just about every topic .
Also , it d be nice if I could use my ap .
I have not not_had not_many issues with the app and it s very addictive .
So please fix it .
I have had no not_problem with it not_so far ! !
I love you Pinterest you re oh so pinteresting !
Super addicting but I don t like that you can t email pins anymore from your personal account ,
Gave it only 4 stars because it crashes on my iPad ALL the time .
Actually that might be a good thing or I d never not_get not_anything else done .
It should also have the ability to add a photo of your version of the same project so you could compare side by side ( linked somehow on your own boards ) .
\\n\\nBiggest problem is that it constantly closes itself .
It s very convenient , until it crashes , which it does whenever I m reading something really good .
So many ideas it is overwhelming !
Please change it ! ! !
It s easy to use and doesn t fail too often .
I can t stop pinning stuff !
But , it just takes up TOO much space on my iPad .
Just keep it on the Internet .
Why would they build such an functionless app with so many subscribers ?
You need to rethink your iPad app and make it much more useable .
The only thing I would suggest in an update would be the ability to like a pin by double tapping it or something if the sort .
It would be better if you could swipe through the pins while exploring instead of having to tap the `` x '' every time .
Pinterest is awesome and I love having an IPad APP for it but it crashes after about 15 minutes for me every time .
The ideas are endless ! !
Just love the inspiration of these pins , and of those doing so much creative work .
Pins keep getting posted to folders I have NOT created !
Never crashes ,
If you need inspiration or ideas for anything , this is app you need .
With the new update you don t have to click on the item and then pin it manually , if you just put your finger on a picture you want to pin and hold it down , a box will come up so you can pin it .
I need Pinterest rehab .
This is a great app , I love how it fetches pins in my favorite categories , it s clear pictures and ease of going to the different sites by just tapping the pictures .
But and it s a big but , it crashes constantly .
I really enjoy this app and I ve never has not_any not_problems with any of the updates .
I only want it to have more variety of pics on each slide .
There is a button in settings for clearing the image cache , but it never not_works .
Can t praise Pinterest enough ! !
Everything you need to know its on here ,
Also crashes when I ve been browsing and pulling up pins for a while .
I have read other reviews complaining about the latest update but I haven t had any issues .
but I hate that you have to click on the image to like or pin it .
A shortcut pin would allow me to zip through more ideas and get them pinned before the app bombs !
You have to be careful with this app because its so amazing ! !
If I could only have one app , this would be it .
This app also crashes a lot especially when I ve been on it for a while or when I `` pin '' or `` like '' multiple things .
Highly recommend repinning and sharing .
Need ideas or a clue how to do something hobby wise ?
I also think the garden ideas are very helpful too ! !
I don t like that when looking at others pins you have to actually go into the link to like it .
I also hate that you can t print anymore ! !
This app needs a faster way to delete its cache or just delete it when the app is closed completely .
That you can pin w/out going into each and every pin , that it pulls the three most recent boards so you don t have to scroll through the whole list each time , and that it tells you if you ve already pinned an item previously are all great improvements !
You are supposed to be able to search your pins , however I have tried twice and not not_come not_up with what I wanted when it clearly should have .
Now you have to open the pin and like it .
I ve found out how to do so much and so many ideas for future things !
This app is a great thing to use to find different ideas .
It is really amazing you have to try it ,
kdtmanila21 , It s such a great app I use it for about everything but I think it needs an update seems like it takes forever to load pics other than that it s great just pls update the pics so they download faster pls !
This app crashes every time I try to use it .
Please fix this ! !
\\n\\nReally wish you could look at an infinite amount of pins in a certain category , but this app always stops the pins after a few pages .
I would like to see the return of the pin and the like buttons w/o having to click on the picture .
This it my favorite web page ... so many great ideas..however I wish this app could be corrected .
Makes me laugh when I need a laugh and lifts my spirits w good quotes .
Get it if you don t already have it and don t forget to upgrade if you already do !
It s amazing how much time you can spend on this site .
The app also crashes fairly often .
I LOVEEEEE the new update but seriously need to fix the crashing problem !
Soooo annoying being on the app and having it crash all the time .
I m in love with Pinterest and now it s at my fingertips at any time I choose ( unless I m in bad cell reception of course and then I just count the minutes of my slow death . )
I just hate how it crashes sometimes .
I can t look at Pinterest for hours !
it s versatile layout provides a blank canvas for any medium be it business , DIY , art , or pleasure ,
I love Pinterest but it always crashes on me and I wish I could send and like pins without not_clicking on the not_picture .
Please fix the constant crashing of the app while I m in the middle of searching and about to pin something and then I have to start all over again trying to find it .
Ugh please fix it because I love using Pinterest .
You all realize that you can just hold in on the pin that you want to pin , right ?
I just love Pinterest .
It also said that you can search your own pins , but I haven t seen how to do that .
The only issue I have with Pinterest is that it s too addicting !
Question : why are there no not_titles not_below the photos on so many entries ?
I d like to know what I m looking at you can t always tell by the photo .
Pinterest is the only reason I know how to cook as well as I do !
I can t stop pinning .
There Pinterest I hope you re freakin happy now .
I could always use a fresh idea .
Now if there was an easier way to pin things , that would be marvelous !
LOVE pinterest , but You can t delete followers , plus it links to FB acct w/out consent if it s in the same browser !
All you have to do is tap the picture for 2 seconds and you can pin without not_having to not_click on it !
But man alive it fails and sends me back to my homepage all the time .
Please say you are fixing that .
It is full of great ideas and inspiration , which is what makes it addictive .
No longer need magazines ,
This app makes it so easy to turn doctor waiting rooms , waiting for the hairdresser , or any other time when you need to fill a time gap , so much more enjoyable ! !
Haven t had any issues with this app I love it ,
Please fix this ! ! ! !
I really love Pinterest but this app crashes on my iPad constantly .
Very frustrating when browsing a category since so many pins get added that it s next to impossible to find where you were .
Unfortunately it crashes so often it makes the app useless .
I just take the iPad with me to consults and we can chat about what she likes .
Please bring back the old way .
How can you not not_love an not_app that teaches you how to do things for cheap and gives you ideas that you would never not_think of not_? ! ! !
Love it just for theDIY\\nOh who am I kidding I love it for everything ! ! ! ! ! !
It also says you can search your own pins , but can t figure out how .
Please , I like Pinterest , but the spammers got ta go .
I spend hours on Pinterest as said as that is I just love it and can t get enough from it or of it ! ! ! ! ! !
I actually liked this app though it had a few problems ( like never not_remembering my not_log in info , but that got fixed ) .
anything and everything you can imagine , you WILL find on Pinterest !
I really enjoy it and recommend it to anyone .
The clothing ideas are awesome , the recipes are endless and I can find anything I need from fitness tips to cleaning tips .
Is there any way at all you can make boards 18 and older ?
Only question , from the app and the site why aren t people notified when you try to @ them in a comment ?
I think they should make it like a face book or a Instagram ,
Cool app , you should add more guys tattoos ,
I just can t figure out why people are following me .
I have made so many things that I found on here .
Great app but needs some bug fixes ,
When your builder needs an answer on cabinet color , ceiling fan choices , tile design , etc . you can show him examples .
Why do I need to know some stranger liked my pin ?
I hate this apps cause it doesn t help you if your forgot your password , it says it will email you but nothing happens .
Plus if a picture goes to a bad link , it is blocked so I can t even save the picture please just block the link & amp ; let us repin the picture .
Gives you ideas if your remodeling , shows you how to do things , accessorize , all in all a great app ! ! !
I LOVE Pinterest but it always crashes when I m on it and I have to reopen it and find where I was on the board I was looking at .
New updates haven t fixed the issue .
I also think there should be an easy way to access all the pins you commented .
I am addicted , whenever I m bored or need an idea for anything I hop on Pinterest ,
And the random `` no more not_pins not_available '' really takes a lot of fun out of it .
Please , please bring the app up to the standard of the website .
Never crashes on me .
I love , love , love Pinterest but ... ..when trying to get to the source of a pin , it takes soooo long to load that sometimes I just close it I get so annoyed .
Please fix this pinterest !
It is a fun site , i wish you could scroll through the pic from side to side , instead of up and down on the mobile app and now it take for ever to load , sometimes 20 mins & amp ; I would like is if the add an accessibility feature for those of us with poor sight .
just don t expect much from the app itself .
I just recently got Pinterest because all of my friends have it and now I can t stop pinning !
I love the fact that you can just hold your finger on a picture to pin it , super convenient !
My only complaint is that it sometimes crashes after a long pinning session , but I m sure that can be taken care with an update !
Completely recommend it to anyone .
I tried to resist the Pinterest craz but I love it .
I just looked over the recent few reviews and saw the new update made it to where you can t pin or like on the feed .
There are endless amounts of pins were you can learn and create new things and so much more .
How is that an improvement ?
\\n\\nAlso , I really wish there was a way to scroll to the top on my phone .
I would give , it , five stars ; but , I don t like the new update ; the , other\\nformat was , so , cool ; I , wish WE could view a , newly , proposed update before\\nwe had to have , it ; so , that , we could have a choice .
The only problem ... Is so addicting !
If only they can create a chat feature ! ! ! ! ! !
My new favorite site that I just can t get enough of ! !
I some times will be on Pinterest and then out of the blue it crashes to my home screen ! ? !
The only problem I have is that sometimes it crashes .
\\n\\nThis latest update made it faster to pin items simple by touching and holding the photo .
I wish they would make the iPad app more like the iPhone app in the functionality and how it saves the most recent boards .
I love the Pinterest app but the reason I give it four stars is because this version of the app needs to be upgraded .
There s a few things that need to be tweaked but overall , this is a fantastic thing to use !
You just hold the item and it pins quickly people missed the directions when they did their last update it is a great App !
sisterbeats , I really like this app a lot but it s always crashing .
Please fix this ASAP !
The ideas and images are fun and interesting .
My only complaint is that although i have the iPad App , it crashes frequently .
The only thing I don t like is the pins that are reported as spam , I think they should get looked into and deleted .
Never had issues with the app at all .
Pinterest , you have made my life so much easier .
There are great ideas here and the new search tool makes it even easier to find them .
This app crashes on me quite a lot when I use it .
I really like that you can go on the Internet with this app now and pin other things that weren t originally on the first pin .
And re pinning specific categories is so much easier now because the app remembers your most recent boards that you just pinned something in ; I personally appreciate that because I tend to jump back and forth from board to board .
And as far as I ve seen in the few weeks of familiarizing myself w/ it , & amp ; discovering some of the ins & amp ; outs , and finding any tricks or the tips that will be useful & amp ; time effective , I just haven t.\\n\\nI would like to be able to put the pins on my board in certain placement and I am unable to do that .
I would like when I am looking at somebody else s page , that when I post a pin from them and go back to the page , that their pins remained static so that I am not not_searching not_through their same pins over again .
\\n\\nthat reminds me one last suggestion , that there is some way to count how many people have looked at your board , like to get pins or have made any comments or anything .
I start out on a mission looking up hair coloring tips only ending up 2 hours later learning how to reupholster a chair .
I just adore it , it s an instant attention graver .
When I try to pin , it crashes before I can comment or describe it .
Please take that `` feature '' away ! ! ! !
once you start you can t help it ! ! !
They pulled a vintage photo I posted of tattooed women because of `` nudity '' .
BUT , it s super annoying that it crashes about every 3 4 minutes .
Please fix this ! ! !
It has crashed a few times but overall , great !
\\n\\nOld version : This app is fun to use , but you can t pin from the web from a mobile device , there are bugs with scrolling and loading pages , and there is no not_iPad not_app .
Just love this app , so I highly recommend it to everyone .
Just like a library at your finger tips with a million recipes , craft projects , self helps , house decor just to mention a few of the topics .
I love having inspiration in my pocket , whenever I need it .
I love the pinterest app , but it crashes a lot then I lose my pin .
It could use just a few more tweaks and it d be perfect .
It s Pinterest just download it already ,
Just keep pinning , just keep pinning , just keep pinning .
Haven t had any problems and the last update made it even better ! !
I especially like the group boards because you feel as if you can disseminate information more readily than other means .
I could go on and on about the myriad ways I use and could use Pinterest .
I can get crafts , recipes , all different types of quotes to Irish dance quotes funny quotes its amazing ! ! ! ! ! ?
It s an overall great app but it crashes a lot and gets really annoying ,
There s so many craft ideas I wan na try I think there should be ways for fans who are in the same location to meet and Pinterest together !
More then what I expected so many great ideas , so many creative people !
It never not_fails to not_amaze me how many new things I come across everyday !
We need to be able to categorize our `` likes '' .
but I hate how you have to click into a pic/link to repin .
Pintrest is a great idea .
Really need to fix the ap so it doesn t do that !
I ve explored and found so many great ideas of things to cook , make ( DIY ) and buy that it s become a source to me like Google when I need to search something .
If i could add something I would add a comment section so people can get more feed back about the pin !
I can access my boards whenever i need to buy things for a project .
So , you can t just pin or like from the main feed , but why would you ?
Biggest complaint I just pinned it , I don t want/need to see it then on my following .
There are so many ideas I would not have not_thought of not_myself !
s ipod , I liked it at first but the new update is very inconvenient because now you have to actually click on the post to Like it and sometimes I Like a pin so it will save before the app crashes but now I can t even do that .
I hate how you have to click on it to repin if you don t want to hold it down !
I have friends who have had this issue as well .
Especially for kids activities when you are trying to plan something fun to do !
My favorite app , but not not_being not_able to pin or like without not_first not_opening the pin is annoying .
There are so many amazing ideas on here .
Love it love it love it BUT please put the `` Like '' option back where it was !
Please get word to the `` PINTEREST GODS '' that the `` Like '' button location should never have not_been not_changed .
\\n\\nIt seems everyone does not not_like the not_new update because you have to click on the image to repin or like .
That s all I really want to know .
Doesn t crash as much as it used to .
I have found so many great ideas on here and it s even better that you can save and organize them .
I recommend this app to everybody !
Plus why can t I like a foto w/o clicking on the pic itself !
Please put it back .
I know you can re pin but it d be easier to have an organizing option .
Please make it so I can see all my pins on my iPhone and iPad .
It s honestly just an update that needs getting used to , just like anything else .
Pinning is MUCH easier now because all you have to do is hole down on the picture icon and select which board you would like to pin it to .
And I m glad they added the feature that let s you know if you already pinned something before .
I definitely needed that !
The like button needs to be made accessible again without not_having to not_open up the photo .
It is so easy to navigate in and I like that you can pin something from the home board without not_actually not_going into the pin .
Love , love , love , love it and I recommend it to everyone .
My only issue is that the feature that allows me to edit/move pins from one board to another if I accidentally pin something to the wrong board is not not_available on the not_app .
Just hold down the item and its pinned .
I like getting ideas on how to wear new fashion trends .
Has definitely improved and added more options to edit your pins/boards .
You have to choose a pin now before you can like it .
It also crashes a lot .
Would be nice to be able to print from the iPad so I don t have to take it in the kitchen .
Since the last update I can t use in landscape mode , totally annoying !
Fix the bugs and this app will be great !
Oh yeah and you totally need to allow more pins to be seen per day !
This app is full of anything and everything you can think of .
Any ideas you need help on with this will do that .
I think there used to be a bug of some sort but it s fixed now .
Also , please bring back the Repin and Like buttons !
It makes it so easy to update and pin new things !
Please bring back the Like and PinIt buttons on the first view .
I think there should be boards within boards or categories .
Etc.\\n\\nI also think we should be able to move around the boards in any order we want !
Don t like that you have to open the pin to pin it .
Don t always need to see the picture large .
Don t like that just to like something you have to open it up as go into it .
Recipes , exercises , crafts , style it is all here ,
And I actually live that in order to like something , you have to actually open the pin .
( If you re browsing through a persons boards , after about 10 minutes you can expect the app to close , and you have to find the board again , and the pin you last pinned .
I can literally find anything I need ! !
Always finding new uses for things you never not_knew you not_could use them for !
I have to back out if of pinterest and google the the blog link to the pin .
\\n \\nNOTE : Please pin responsibly , guys !
There is simply nothing you can t get or learn from this site !
With so many creative ideas floating around , there really isn t anything you can t find on Pinterest !
What s going on folks I love me some Pinterest but it keeps having glitches and its getting on my nerves so would you please fix it .
Everything I want to make , buy , craft is all here on one app .
Every travel plan , party idea is on my boards .
I LOVE Pinterest but I hate that we can t pin from the page any more .
Now you have to actually click on the pick to pin it and that takes too long .
Never have any problems ,
Most workout links never not_work it not_turns into a blog but its a website most time has nothing to do with how the person worked out ,
So I really do love this app , but I think it would be sweet if the gifs in the feed would move without not_having to not_click on them .
s pad , Love this app you can post what ever no not_drama at not_all ,
Just love Pinterest .
Pinterest provides me with a terrific , creative outlet !
Love having my recipes on my boards in the grocery store , have redecorated many areas of my home with it s inspirational decorating ideas and have made a number of crafts and gifts .
I am could very easily be a Pinterest addict except I find that the app crashes frequently regardless if I m on my iPhone or iPad .
I find this so irritating that I lately I just avoid it all together ,
Now they need to add a `` favorites '' function so I can bookmark ones I like/ have tried , etc .
I wish the alphabet option were available on the computer version .
the app crashes almost everytime that I want to reasearch the pin .
Tons of great ideas for what ever you re looking for & amp ; 2 tons more than you didn t know you wanted to know ! !
I actually like that you have to bring up a pin to like or re pin it .
Usually when I find something really cool I hit pin it and it crashes .
This app crashes every time I pin or move between screens .
Please fix it !
I wrote this review months ago and this app still crashes all the time .
The new way to pin is a little cumbersome .
I m still learning how to navigate it and make it my own .
It freezes and completely crashes for no not_reason .
I LOVE Pinterest , but the functionality on the iPad needs to match that to the iPhone .
Please add the organic sending feature to the iPad app ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
You don t know ur pinning a spAmmed site till after you go through each window an then u find out its not not_available .
Send apologizes to your future husband and family for they will all have to fulfill the crafty lifestyle Pinterest provides !
It s very easy to use and hardly not_crashes .
All I can even say is , why are you reading this ?
This app is awesome , just download it peoples.just download it .
I love Pinterest however it never not_works for me .
People are just looking for something to complain about .
It s okay overall but it crashes quite a bit regardless of which device I m using .
I wish you did not have to not_link it to not_FB .
Exciting recipes , beautiful places , how to s Galore !
I can t stop pinning !
The app is great , but I wish there was still a like button available before you actually tap on the pin to open it .
I love this app , I use it all the time and have had no not_problems with the not_new update .
Great app but always crashes on iPad !
ap still crashed occasionally but then all of them do .
This new way is not not_good ,
Works well for what I need it for !
They made new updates where u can send pins to your friends , and look up your own pins !
I like that you can hold down the picture to pin without not_having to not_open it .
And this app crashes all of the time and it is super annoying .
It needs some serious work ! !
I love this app and I definitely recommend it !
Arquie , The site and app are wonderful , but the both randomly crashes all the time and are very buggy .
I just love it !
If you enjoy pinning and seeing the pins , you must download it ! !
Never had any problems with it !
I wish you can see the hyperlink before it directs you to it .
This app is really ok except that it randomly crashes for me .
And I have gotten server errors where it can t log me into my account .
Never crashes works the way it s supposed to , definitely recommend it if you ever need an idea for anything , people pin the most creative ideas .
I m new to Pinterest but none the less not_I not_love it I got so many ideas for my vow renewal from the centerpieces to the cake so people please keep pinning those pictures thanks a great full fan ,
Never had a problem .
Sometimes I think it s better than a computer cause I can watch Netflix on a big screen and pin on my phone !
I am addicted to Pinterest and I completely love it but there s one flaw ; it crashes all te time !
Sometimes I m in the middle of reading a pin and it crashes and when I go back on it restarts the WHOLE APP ! !
anymore , 4 , rockwutugot , Using Pinterest on my phone overall is great , but I hate the new update and how you can no longer not_quickly not_like things but rather have to click on the individual images .
This App is awesome to save your ideas and things that you what to do but can t right !
I highly recommend this app .
Please change it back !
The only thing i need changed is the ability to pin when browsing instead of having to click on the picture !
Just need to figure out how to pin while in safari on this iPad .
I m addicted , so many creative ideas , and super excited about doing some of them , just wish that some that don t say how to do the projects , did !
The only thing I don t like is that you can t zoom in on pins .
Love Pinterest it s given me so many ideas and taught me how to do many things myself ; ) ,
Very diversified topics , just love it !
i would like to see my friends pins before i am inundated by the corporate onslaught of pins done by someone who pins all day .
\\nAlso it would be nice to search within a category at the moment you can only search at the top of the section page , however if it is a popular subject you aren t allowed to search within a search .
Also it would be nice to have suggestive titles for folders ?
I like app , it s just taking me a while to figure out how to use .
Pinterest is the go to site when your board , when your planning a party , and when you just need a little inspiration .
If you ever need an idea for entertaining kids or saving storage .
If you hold down on the pin you can like it or repin it to your own boards , so to all you naysayers : `` LEARN HOW TO USE THE APP ! ! ! ! ''
I used to be able to repin or like a post from my home page , but now I have to click to click on the post before I can do that .
Please fix this issue .
It crashes when I try to clear the cache .
Please put those abilities back so we don t have to go into the pin to do those actions .
And I must add that I love the Secret Boards !
Also it crashes sometimes , but not not_often at not_all .
Now you have to click on the picture to repos or like .
I have no not_problem not_pinning and saving to my boards .
I have made recipes , crafts and have so much more pinned to do .
But in the scope of its benefits that s a VERY minor issue .
But you have to hold it down for a while and it used to auto populate the latest board you ve pinned to and that was easier than pulling up the last three then having you select it .
This is one of my favorite apps content wise but It s constantly crashing .
Every question that I have I run it by Pinterest to see what others ideas are .
Whoever decided on this update needs a new job .
It would be even better if you could buy the items you find .
Please fix ASAP !
Love Pinterest , but I hate that you have to click on the post to pin it or like it .
\\nAnd now it s telling me there was a problem on their end , and I can t log in or use the app at all .
Now I can t even log in ... it would sure be nice if they fixed this .
That needs to be fixed ASAP ,
You create boards of your favorite things for future reference and all your favorite things are in one place .
The only problem I have had with the app on my iPad is that it will force close .
But the fact that you have to click on every picture just to like it is very annoying !
Please bring the like button back .
it shows that y all made an error .
This is by far my favorite app , ideas of all kinds can be found here or even if you just need something to pass some time .
Ever since I updated the app completely crashes I can t even like a pin because every time I click to like it as I m waiting for it to load it keeps crashing now idk about you but I would like to do some pinning with out the use of my laptop _ \\n\\nSigned , \\nForever Frustrated ,
lesliepholmes , LOVE LOVE LOVE the new send feature & amp ; hope it is available on the iPad soon .
PLEASE , PLEASE , PLEASE fix the constant crashing on the iPhone and iPad apps .
I don t even like to have that much memory used for music on my phone .
The only issue I have found is with the most recent updates there are not as not_many not_pins to view in each category .
You can no longer not_add not_comments to the email and when you open the email , you are forced to go to Pinterest .
I also don t like that you have to open a pin to like it .
Please change it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Very addicting , love Pinterest but I have to agree with those who complain that you now have to click the photo to pin or do anything else with the photos , but I love the rest if the updates .
\\nJust need the time to try them ! ! !
I love this app , but crashes after 5 min ever time ! ! !
Why can t we share or send pins to followers or friends ? ?
If this app was updated I would definitely use it more ,
Not sure how we cooked or planned a party or entertained kids or decorated out house before this ! !
I love using it , but hate that you have to click on a pin before you can repin it .
I have no not_complaints not_except that I wish pins could be more easily moved around boards once they ve been pinned .
I like this site a lot , the only thing I would change is how you are able to view some of the pins .
I don t like being redirected to the web address the pin came from , and a lot of times you can t re pin from there , either .
It s seriously amazing and addictive : ) the only problem I ve been having recently is that I ll be in the middle of looking at stuff and the app will just crash so I lose my spot .
I always have ideas , and I always need ideas and tips for everything .
When I need to relax its the break I need .
\\nI m an artist , and sometimes I go a good long while between paintings simply because I need inspiration ; I need to be excited about what I m creating or I just can t do it .
Highly recommend this ap ,
Also , if you are planning your wedding or want crafts for your home , this is the place for you .
I absolutely love this app any time I need inspiration I turn to my Pinterest app !
In order to like something you have to click on the picture un like before you did not have to not_click on the not_picture .
\\n\\nI am most impressed with photography related Pins and have created 5 boards featuring various categories of photos , such as Exquisite Birds , Exquisite Flowers , Castles and Cathedrals .
Whenever i need a good idea i will always open up pintrest !
I think it would be cool to be able to highlight your fav pins on a board ,
There are so many great ideas and helpful hints on Pintrest !
Sometimes crashes , but overall pretty good .
I m new to this app , but I like the improvements they have made since I got it ,
Only problem is too many emails to say so and so are following your boards .
I ve remodeled a house , run a club at school , created service projects and crafts , recipes , and learned new hair and nail designs just from using this app the last few years .
I can t repin or like something without not_having to not_open it all the way .
One convenience I wish we re available is a way to sort your boards into ABC order or subject order , then if we could arrange pins WITHIN boards to our own taste .
I recommend this to any one with time on their hands and want an interesting hobby ,
I just don t like having to click the image & amp ; then be able to pin/like whatever it is I m looking at .
You can find anything on this app and always have it when you need it !
& amp ; please fix whatever s happening on the computers because I can never not_log into it on my not_laptop \\n\\nThank you !
I totally recommend downloading it !
I do not not_like that on not_this version , you have to click on the pin before you can pin it .
When it does this , the only way I have found to reset the app is to restart the phone .
Now you have to open the picture to `` Like '' it .
Never have any issues , quick too ,
I highly recommend this app .
I m so happy that Pinterest made such huge changes to this app !
I can t figure out how to create pins though & amp ; it takes up a lot of space on my phone , but overall I love it .
It often freezes or crashes on my phone , but I blame my older model iPhone for that .
WithaKry , Many complaints about the new version is that you have to load the picture to repin something .
\\n\\nDoesn t seem to be crashing as much as older versions ,
Now you have to hold on the picture to re pin .
It has given me so many neat ideas and the food and drink section is awesome !
Please change it back ! !
Sometimes I have problems with the pages loading or pins not not_displaying .
Really like Pinterest ; however , it crashes and I can t Like something when I want to .
It keeps crashing and you have to click the picture to get to the like button .
Please change it back !
Its my go to now for evry idea i need to feed lol !
Using it to plan my wedding !
Love the info and amazing pins available .
I do wish I could figure out how to `` like '' pins with this new update .
\\n\\nSo I would have given 5 stars but the above issues need to be addressed .
I have already done many projects and cooked many delicious recipes , it provides many ideas from beyond your own imagination .
I recommend it .
This app is highly addictive ... Please use with caution .
Sometimes I will stay on it for hours at a time .
I love the new look , but I would like to see a simpler way of looking through all of the pins you already have pinned like click on a picture and just scrolling over to see all the pins in that board .
Love it but have problems at times sending pins by email ,
I have no not_problems with it .
Now the picture must be tapped on .
Pinterest has basically allowed me to plan out my life ... ... whenever I need ideas or inspiration this is the site I visit .
My biggest problem is that there is still no not_easy not_way to edits multiple pins at once .
This should be made easier !
My favorite way to experience Pinterest is the app .
I highly recommend it if you like Pinterest .
The latest update has made Pinterest much better for mobile devices and doesn t big out nearly as often as it had in the past .
Also sometimes my own pins won t load and I need to refresh the board and scroll several times to see everything .
They should have sub boards so you can organize pins even better ,
Please allow confirmation before pinning ! !
\\nAs soon as you find what you want all you have to do is hold for a second and can pin it to your page ( even in organized folders ) .
Pinterest can easily provide hours upon hours of relaxing entertainment as well as an endless supply of new ideas and directions for unique foods , crafts , travel locations and interior decorating .
I hat how now you have to open a picture by clicking it before you can `` heart '' it !
Love it but crashes every two minutes on my iPad now .
Haven t had any issues .
It has everything you need in one place !
Only problem I have is that when I m deep pinning my life away the app crashes .
It was easier to view recipes or how to do something .
Love the app , but hate seeing repeats of pins just clutters things up .
Please fix this ! !
I love that it is readily available to me for whatever reason I need .
The ideas I come across are genius and I would never have not_thought of not_anything so simple and effective otherwise .
I would give it 5 stars , but you have to click the picture to repin/like the pin .
Or you have to hold down the picture for a few seconds and waste time .
Please fix it !
I highly recommend it !
The only thing is that sometimes is freezes , but that usually resolves itself quickly .
I have a problem changing my board covers with IPad and IPhone .
I can t figure out how to do that .
I highly recommend this app .
The best thing ever , I m sure I don t even have to say it if anybody has ever given this app a chance .
Brilliant update , love it !
Everything and anything worth knowing about could be found with a few key words !
It is great to see all the stuff available ... but annoying when the links don t work or go to a site that sells stuff without not_warning not_... and I get tired of seeing all the stuff I posted on top .
I plan my meals by what i find on Pinterest .
I just wish they hadn t taken away the feature to `` like '' pins from the main screen .
I m probably missing some step but I ve read FAQs and can t figure out why it won t work on iPad .
I would not not_want not_anyone to copy all the cool ideas that I copy from strangers , right ? !
It s hard to find your boards because they re all mixed up and not in not_alphabetical not_order and you have to click on the pin to even pin it , so pinning takes a lot longer .
The app does randomly crash , but no more not_than not_safari .
I wish you could search for people using the app ,
I love everything about Pinterest , I m a huge fan of the enhancements they have made .
My only complaint is my app crashes frequently on my I touch .
I never have to not_worry not_about losing the info if my computer crashes ! ! !
I love the new update its easier and faster to isr ,
As if I needed another way to access Pinterest !
I like how you can post to fb or not .
Has EVERYTHING & amp ; ANYTHING you could possible want to know about\\nBeauty , Fashion , Kids stuff , Cooking , Cleaning , Photography , etc..
New update is different..but everyone complains that you have to open a photo to pin it .
Instead of opening it , all you have to do is hold the photo and the pin option is available immediately .
This is a small program that turned huge very quickly , overall rating is 5 star , only issue is sometimes it force closes and it loses your spot !
I will be on it for hours .
I love pintrest except for the lack of the like button now you have to press the image then wait for it to load ( which takes a long time sometimes ) then press the like button .
I and my friends and family use so very many of the ideas and so far have not not_found not_any that fail the test .
Obviously , I suggest it big time .
They need to change it back do you don t have to click on the pin to like it ! ! ! !
It s amazing to have one go to for everything that you could ever want or need ! !
Please put the Like and Pin buttons back !
I love you Pinterest , but please bring back the like button !
It s still obviously not as not_good as the not_online version , but it s better than nothing when you need a Pintrest fix !
\\nBut hate the new update that makes you click to repin .
Overall though , if that s the only problem I d say its a pretty good app ! !
It s not that not_big of not_deal that you have to click on the picture to like it .
I mean where else can you plan your dream wedding , house , future child , your next great meal and be able to find a new way to clean ANYTHING ? !
I just love it ! !
since the latest update I ve had issues with this app crashing more and even more annoying , ill be trying to scroll and it ll automatically refresh and go back to the top .
Each time I find what I need it seems to crash ,
The recipes , home decor , and DIY ideas are fabulous .
I couldn t even figure out how to repin anything !
No more just forgetting about a favorite pin , or hoping I would somehow come back to it later .
This way is faster , more streamlined , and works even when I m way out in the country or up in the mountains .
I love this app but it does have ssome problems that need to be fixed .
Sooo inconvenient when you just want to browse generic category like popular , please display description again so we know what we are looking at AND the pics are sooo small I have to use glasses just to browse ! ! !
I need it in my life !
Except for the recent update , I like that you can pin it by holding he picture but not that you have to not_open it in not_order to like it ,
There are so many great ideas on here ,
I would give it 5 stars if it didn t frequently crash .
\\nI only wish I could add new items to the mix !
But with the new update you have to click the picture to like it unlike before !
I hate how you can t like or reprint something without not_opening the not_actual pin .
I recommend it .
please fix this I love Pinterest .
My iPhone has no not_problem not_but my iPad always crashes : ( ,
Occasionally crashes , but I use it all the time .
I haven t had any problems ,
I hate that in the new version , you have to click the pictures in order to repin them or like them .
I wish there was a way to bookmark the section you were in before when updating the page , it s almost too much to try and look at , other than that it is so awesome .
I love Pinterest ... good app to pass the time or waste time , however you want to look at it .
Most of the pictures you have to click on to pin .
One good thing I did notice is now it updates you on whether or not you not_pinned not_something already so that s helpful .
Pinterest really needs to get a handle on their policies .
However , do not not_like my not_email being blown up every time someone repins my post .
Everyone needs to be on Pinterest !
I do wish there was a way you could mark your pins as completed and then you could rate them or comment on how the attempt went .
Loading pins , boards , following , signing in under FB and twitter , etc . \\n
I love Pinterest but the app needs some work still .
It s really easy to learn how to use , and there s so many great pictures to view .
Please fix the crash issue .
The only problem I have is finding something I have seen before but I am learning .
ImaanB , Very good app , just like the website .
I just need to stop using Pinterest I dislike this update so much !
Lots of great ideas , but the app crashes a whole lot .
I love Pinterest but I wish there was a way to later organize liked items onto boards without not_having to not_re Pin them .
For future please add the ability to print ( unless I just missed it ? )
In the past its crashes on me after like 30 mins of the app being open , but now it s like 10 mins and it crashes .
However , the app crashes frequently .
I can t stop pinning everything !
The only problem I have is that I have to press on the item before I can repin it ! !
This needs to be fixed .
Fire whoever thought this was a good idea .
Don t care for the new update , where you have to open the pin to to repin or like it .
I am always looking up information about how to do things ... .anything and everything .
And I like the intergrations with my camera roll so I can add my own pics to what I have on Pinterest .
I m addicted as it saved a ton of money for our wedding last summer and now we just bought a house !
Every time I look at a pin , it crashes .
Other than that , I can use it for hours , if it doesn t quit on me .
The app has a few bugs but it s worth putting up with .
With this app , I can pin anything and when I need it , I instantly know where to find it .
The only issue is that I am on it too much !
We need the Like button back and when searching or looking at one of the categories I dislike having to click it again when it gets to the bottom of the page .
The second time I click it it s 50 images of new stuff the the board I just reviewed .
When I need a tip , want to find a new recipe , or need to escape I simply open this app .
Sometimes the app crashes when a Pin is made or selected .
Great app , but crashes from time to time .
Sooooo frustrating , it keeps asking if I want the update then never not_works , not_please fix !
I m happy with how stable this app is ; not not_once have not_I had it crash and I use this app quite frequently .
It took me a while to get used to the new update since I had just gotten used to the other one , but I love it just as much .
I didn t know how to report it either : / ,
I do agree with many that taking out the like button was a step back .
At first I didn t like the update because I kept forgetting the like button was gone but all you have to do is hold the picture and it all pops up .
Learn how to use the app and it s still easy to use .
I hate that you can t like a pin on the first page ! ! !
A fail so large I wrote my first review ! ! !
I just love Pinterest in general .
It s much easier to re pin using this app ... previously had problems scrolling thru categories while re pinning , but this is fixed .
And I love that I can use it on both my ipad and my iphone !
\\nI wish it would tell me if I ve pinned something already so I don t pin it more than once .
People just want to complain because they need to take one more step to pin it sometimes .
It s easy to use and I can use it easily for an extended period of time when bored ... what else could I want ?
Still learning how to do more than just pin stuff .
I spend hours on Pinterest daily , simply because it is so easy to find exactly what you re looking for or perhaps something unexpected .
i love this app , it have little bugs they should fix and it takes a lot of space in my iPad but overall i love it ,
Where is comment ?
I do wish there was some way to alert me when I have already pinned something , and at times I have trouble accessing all of my pins .
Once I finally figured out how to do things .
What s happening ?
if you re a girl you probably should have Pinterest ,
There are so many ideas I ll never not_get to not_try everything ,
I like the update its like tumblr now I don t have to click in the pictures to repin it s so much better to hits hold in to it and still be on the same page but the all is still crashing !
\\n I should be able to invite Facebook friends without not_Pinterest not_needing my contact list ,
When I post a pin to Facebook , it won t let me tag anyone that I wan na bring the attention to .
I have to have a daily dose so I m especially happy to take it with me on the iPhone app .
I recommend this app to all my friends !
I ve never not_had not_any problems with the app either .
It crashes at least once every time I use it .
It s like always having your cookbook , scrapbooks and friends right with u when u need them ! !
I like that you can repin something without not_having to not_click on it THEN hit repin .
Every idea or solution you need is here !
I do , however , have constant issues with the app crashing on my iPad ( 1st gen ) every version of the app has had this issue .
People complain you have to click on a picture to pin it .
I prefer Pinterest because of ease of pinning bring it back please ! ! !
However , I have to delete the app often because it is using up A LOT of memory and causing my ipad to crash and freeze very often .
I hope he work on and resolve his issue .
I love finding projects on Pinterest or even just getting conceptual ideas .
I made my wedding guest book based on a photo I saw and seeing photos helped me order necessary decorative elements for the wedding .
I like how they have added an easier way to pin , but I miss the like in the new update .
Somebody needs to fix something to improve this compatibility .
You have to press and hold on the pin and the repin menu pops up ! ! ! !
And the fact that they made it into an app that s pretty close to the real thing is great .
, I hate , when it crashes .
No crashes whatsoever .
Please don t let this app be a one hit wonder app !
Everything I need is on here !
there is something for everybody in this app ?
I love this app anything I need or dinner ideas or fun activities I wan na do I go to Pinterest ! ! !
Just don t care for the last update that took away the ability to like and re pin from the main scroll page .
Please fix it : ) ,
I like it , but sometimes it crashes .
Don t like how you have to open the pin to repin or like .
Only problem is an occasional crash , and apparently I m an addict because it was taking up 4 of my 6GB of storage .
However , do not not_like not_this reason , not as not_user not_friendly .
Please change this and you re back to 5 stars !
So far the Pinterest app has been good , I haven t had any problems using it .
Mos def recommend it ,
There was a way to private message and send pictures .
It has been a great help for ideas of all sorts and I just absolutely love it !
\\nThe `` like '' button that seems to be missed by some reviewers is not an not_issue for me since not_I never not_used it not_anyway .
I pin a lot of recipes and I like to see if the pin will actually go to a recipe , but a lot of times I find that you can t click through to some websites .
Also , websites with a lot of graphics and photos will crash .
My app crashes almost daily .
I didn t notice the like button issue , but it would be nice to have it at the top without not_having to not_click through .
I like that you can hold down a button and pin so far no not_problems .
I like the new hold and pin feature , but you guys seriously need to make liking a pin easier .
I am not not_too not_fond of the new update that requires you to click on a Pin before you can like or Repin it .
However , I am hoping that this feature will cut down on the amount of links that do not not_work or that not_do not not_connect to the not_proper site , etc .
It is constantly crashing .
I can spend hours just pinning things ! !
Never have any problems with it quitting on me or malfunctioning .
Love Pinterest but new version crashes more often than the previous version .
There is something for men and women as well as craft ideas for children .
The problem is on our end .
This is the best app I downloaded yet I highly recommend it : D ,
I absolutely love this site love all the different topics and photos it has I m glad it s available : ) ,
For one , it crashes occasionally ( usually when editing your boards ) , and it does not have not_all the not_same features as the full site ( like being able to change the cover of your board ) .
Please put that back in the next update .
Please , change that back to how it was .
Fix it , please .
It s great when I am looking for ingredients at the store or crafts for my kids to do ASAP !
The ideas for my daughter are off the chart !
I am on it constantly and it provides so much entertainment .
Everything I need amazing ideas !
Never have any issues and the updates are easy and fast !
I need it back !
I do wish there was a way to pin something to more then one board at a time .
Ever since I updated , the program crashes and shuts down when I click to view a pin s link .
The things I picture in my garden , not only not_can not_I picture them , but I can find directions on how to create it !
We need a spot to find camo clothes , barn ideas , hunting tips , horse training , truck accessories and other things all in one place .
I hope you create it .
It seems you have fixed most problems , I love it .
It has been great useing pin and it has helped me with alot of stuf i need eather for my hair to nails to chlothes ! !
This app Helps you keep track of anything you could create or use for the future .
Never crashes .
Something positive which we all could use more of .
This is everything you need to know about everything .
I pin so much sometimes I forget I ve started a board already .
There are so many neat ideas .
App works well never not_had an not_issue ,
I adore Pinterest especially the fact that you can t just hold down on a picture and repin it quickly , so easy to use on my phone !
\\nYOU NEED IT ,
I just wish there was a way to organize the items you `` like '' onto boards like you can with items you pin .
Do you really need to pin 50 recipes at a time ?
I also like being able to stash ideas by subject and go back when I need them to get more details .
Anytime I need something Pinterest first .
Please please change this ; I like to move quickly through the boards so I don t feel like I m missing anything .
Wish I could move pins around in each category or maybe I can and just don t know it .
I love how you can now see the whole picture and if you press and hold you can pin from there ,
With this new update ( 2.5 ) you have to click on the pin .
It has never not_worked on my not_iPad .
Please fix this pinterest .
I love pinterest but the ipad app crashes all time that I have almost quit going into pinterest !
I use it only from my phone , so the issue that others are complaining about ( having to click to open the pic and then pin ) isn t a problem for me .
Great way to collect all my Internet clippings , and be social to boot .
Please do something or just decline this update bc it s only more complicated than it was an I thought how it was is # 1 Pinterest but I for sure do not not_like it not_this way !
I just get sucked right into it !
You can t click like from the main screen .
This app crashes WAY too much .
\\n\\nAlso for the newest update I am disappointed that the like button has disappeared so that you have to click the picture to be able to like it .
Having said all that , I still have an issue with the number of times the ap shuts itself off .
Please allow us that don t want our batteries drain the option to turn it off !
I love Pinterest , but ever since it was updated , it crashes often .
Please bring it back or I ll stop using it .
Why go backwards ?
The only issue is that when I save a photo the whole app freezes as if it was still loading so I end up losing great photos and pins : ( ,
If ur bored its the prefect way to waste time and it s fun !
The app crashes !
So you have to click on the item to review it , just a couple extra seconds ... then I m back to pinning ( : ,
You have to click on the item to repin it .
It is a great source of inspiration when I need a new project !
I just love this app .
Tshoah , I love Pinterest but don t like this update ; I NEED the alphabet beside my boards to jump to the board I want to pin to .
You have to open and load the pin to like anything and it is very annoying .
I just don t like having to click into the pin to `` like '' something .
Pinterest has made a lot of new updates , such as `` already been pinned '' feature , press and hold to pin , improved viewing on the pin website , new view of pinning boards .
Never crashes , easy and fast to repin , and full of inspiration !
Any suggestions ?
I like how it now reminds you if you have pinned something before ?
I hate that you have to click on the pin to repin .
I love Pintrest the only hong is with the new update you have to go in the pin to even like it .
On Pinterest however , all `` pinned '' ideas are visible !
Everybody told me that I needed to try it out but I never not_did .
Now I signed up and I can t stop pinning things !
I love that I can hold the picture and pin to any board on the mobile version but wish there was a like button available for quick clicks ,
Please please please fix that !
Just like the other reviewers , we love the upgrades , but just put the `` Like '' button back to where it was .
I really love this app , but I hate how it crashes after approximately 10 pins .
Please x 100 bring it back .
Just tapping the picture and being able to pin it !
everyone needs this app !
Overall it works well but lately if I try to organize or edit too many pins , the app will crash and I have to reopen it .
Very addicting but at least I know how to cook now !
I think peeps don t realize how to use it cause I think it s great !
I have tried to find out in different ways to \\nget an answer but can t. I don t know where to go for help in this situation .
You need to bring back the like button and the sidebar alphabet board search .
Once you pin , you can t stop .
I like the new search method that they added where I can search my own stuff .
I think they should add a way to get through all the pins on the individual board without not_having to not_scroll/load forever .
I also like how you can now make boards with other people on the ipod/iphone rather than having to get on the computer to do it .
The only thing I don t like about the update is that you can no longer not_like a not_pin or repin it while scrolling through the page of pins , you have to click on the pin first ; which is SLIGHTLY inconvenient , but all in all Pinterest rules and that s that .
It is the best time killer and you find everything you need plus 10 more ideas !
I like some of the feature changes such as the look and icons but the ability to easily share Pins has been removed .
You used to be able to send via email or text but now you have to do so within the app ( but the recipient has to check Pinterest to get it ) or link to your Facebook .
I don t see how to share Pins when someone doesn t have an account .
Sometimes the app crashes but after the last update it seems to be better for now .
It would be cool to have some new features like being able to pin from the Internet , there should be a list of people that you may want to follow , etc..
you have to tap the photo to like something , which makes it more time consuming .
I would like to know how the pins are organized sometimes I need to find one of my pins quickly and can t find it .
It s really fast and ten times better than using the web page which has a million problems !
I love all the `` How to s '' and great ideas that are on this app .
Love it , especially for the fashion inspiration this is just what I need to start a new classy me ! ! !
I just love Pinterest ! !
Unlike the website when you get to the bottom you have to go back to the main page of categories , and click the one you want to get more pins .
Also you can t leave pins up , because it will go back to the main page if you exit it to check something for a minute then you have to start all over and searching for stuff on the app using the toolbar is a major pain , because you can t search one category !
I easily spend hours on it , those who are complaining that they have to open the pin now to repin just don t know how to use it , all you have to do is hold down on it for two or three seconds .
Occasionally crashes .
I recommend it for EVERYONE ! ! !
I haven t had any problems with it at all .
I need to update it , because it is incorrect !
The only reason I generously gave two stars is because it has potential to be amazing ; it just isn t there yet .
It has everything I need and more .
I love pinterest but when i did the latest update the pin and like button went away now i have to click on one item at a time and then pin it so i find myself not not_getting on not_near as much because i get irritated with having to do that every single time please bring it back !
You didn t have to click the picture to like a pin , now you must go through that annoying process to do so .
At least fix or return that like button so it s easier instead of having us click the picture in order to like it ; it s like you forgot about that when you added the new feature .
Please bring them back ! !
What happened to deleting a `` like '' ?
I don t see how this is done ?
recently I ve been very crafty thanks to Pinterest I just love it .
You have to click the pin , like/unlike , then go back .
why can t we see hundreds like before ?
Please add this in your next update Pinterest ! ! ! ! !
What did we do before we had Pinterest ?
It is a serious problem but I love it !
\\n\\nThe only thing is , with the update now you have to click on the picture .
Way too many crashes !
Please add a quick like button ! ! !
The only thing that I have a problem with and wished it would get changed .
I wish you could delete multiple pins .
I like cleaning up my boards and it would be so nice to be able to delete more than one pin at a time .
Also it would be nice to have more than 3 secret boards .
Can t tell you how much I have learned on Pinterest !
I actually came to the reviews to read if others were having problems I thought I over looked it but I guess not !
Other than that , I 100 % recommend this app !
It s a great app but it s always crashing when I m looking at a long pin .
Please fix the phone storage issue .
New version is a little irritating because when you re just scrolling , you can t just pass by & amp ; like something .
I do have to say though I miss the pin it option it s frustrating having to click on the picture !
Works well to find what you need ! !
Only thing I have issue with is sometimes link does not not_actually not_take you to a page with info , just a picture .
The only thing I don t like is you aren t allowed to post `` rated R '' things , even on private boards .
Please bring it back !
Love the app but I hate that you have to click the picture to pin and therefore start all the way back at the top of the category .
I also wish that there was an easier way to manage your pins on your boards , there s no not_easy not_way to delete , move or find pins .
It s super fun , and it has lots of stuff that you can do when your bored .
Tutorials are great\\nMeal ideas that will please everyone s taste .
I love how quick this app loads but I hate that you have to select the image to like !
Please change it back !
This app crashes constantly .
In one 30 minute session , it will crash more than 5 times .
This app is amazing I love it Add love pinning it from its own web browser I wish you can add in music from iPod library to pin Pin music that you are listening to and hear Sarah camera to pen what TV shows and movies that you are watching on TV ,
Great app but it crashes often so that s why I m not not_giving it a not_five star review other than that it awesome .
I can t pin what I want to before the app closes on me !
Please fix this !
\\nThis is the best app to learn how to make ANYTHING ! ! ! ! !
This makes it incredibly irritating and if you leave your finger on the on a picture for a second too long it automatically assumes you want to Pin it !
Oh and it crashes still ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Except the new version you cant just hit the like button , you have to click the picture and then like it .
I really recommend it for those who like DIY things or cooking .
I love the no not_adds not_& amp ; ease of usage , but I do not not_like that not_I can not not_add my not_own comment when re pinning .
Also wish there were more specific searches & amp ; why waste one on tattoos ?
You have to click on the pin to repin or like , you can t do it straight from the feed .
I would love to give this app five stars because I do love and use it a lot !
But it crashes on me quite often the screen going black then sending me to my main phone screen !
They need to fix that !
The latest update eliminated the ability to `` like '' a pin without not_having to not_actually open the pin major fail !
I don t know how I ever lived without not_Pinterest ! not_?
Hoping the SEARCH bar will be fixed & amp ; more options added .
The whole idea of LIKE is that it is quick & amp ; easy .
I have made all my sisters in law addicted .
I like it and don t really have an issue with the new update .
Pinterest provides a easier way to save reference material .
All you have to do to pin something quicker is hold your finger down on the picture .
To like it , yes you do have to click on the picture and expand it , but it s not that not_bad .
I hate that you have to click on the picture to be able to like the picture .
Only thing I would change is if when you shared a pin with someone you could add a comment .
Please allow horizontal viewing though !
I don t think it s ever crashed and it s just all around a great app .
That is the only thing that this is missing is being able to pin to other people s boards .
I spend so much time on this site , I love that I can use it on my phone .
And I still haven t figured out how to search my pins .
With the new updates , I never have not_any not_issues .
Pinterest lets me create the life I want .
The only warning is give against the wildly accessible Pinterest app is that it s dangerously addictive , so be careful not to not_lose your not_real social life for the beautiful imaginary one it creates for you online .
Pinterest is the best thing ever , it s everything I need in one website !
If you re on a smart phone ( not not_sure not_how to do it from a desktop ) just touch the picture for a few seconds and let go .
I love Pinterest and recommend it to all my friends !
It took me a sec to figure out how to edit a description of a repin .
Love , but I hate how the app limits how many pics you can see .
Great app can t love without it ! ! ! !
Highly recommend this !
I wish there was an easier way to reorganize my boards though .
Kristaj2015 , Some of the other reviewers are saying it s not as not_good as it not_used to be because you actually have to click on the picture to like or repin it .
To repin it , all you have to do is hold your thumb down on the small picture , and the repin menu will pop up .
As Far as I know , you have to click the small picture and Make it bigger to like it .
However , I don t like having to click on a picture to like it , instead of just liking things more easily as I go like it was before .
Can you please bring the like button back to the main feed though ? ! !
Only problem is the unexpected closing .
Nor digging the updates , they need to bring the like button back to the front so you don t have to open the pin .
I can t stop pinteresting !
I rarely not_`` not_like '' pics , as I have a board for everything I like , so the new way is fine by me .
If I had to come up with a fault , I would say its when you have to scroll through 100s of board titles to pin .
But , that s only a problem if you have 100+ boards , I d guess ! !
Please fix this .
You have to click on the pic to pin it when the update before this one was perfect !
\\n ( If you don t understand Pinterest , google it and read how to do it , I did and now I m hooked ) ,
I love pintrest however the last update made it to where you can not not_like not_something or pin something without not_actually not_opening the pin .
I also wish Pinterest would allow you to Alphabetize your boards .
These are simple fixes so why can t it be done ?
I could make this app my full time job if I could get paid for it .
I can not not_use the not_app on my phone .
Highly recommend it if you re into learning new things everything day or if you just want to be mystified by the different subjects ppl post .
All you have to do is put your interest and the app pulls up things you might be interested in so that you can follow the topic and the poster .
My only issue with the mobile app is that it will all of a sudden disappear and send me back to the home screen .
Why they would go back ?
We just bought a house and I have gotten so many ideas from here .
Just what you need to pass the time waiting for the elevator .
Pinterest is a great site and the app makes it super easy to navigate through it , although there are a few things that you must do on the computer that you cant do on the app , like change the order of your boards .
My only problem has been that sometimes it will close on me if i try to pin from a website with many images or if i have been using it nonstop for hours .
I highly recommend it though .
I like how you can push and hold the picture to pin it , but now you can t like the pin without not_clicking on the not_picture .
My only problem with it is that it takes up so much space on my iphone !
No complaints except that it crashes when I try to view an extremely long pin .
Now you have to open the pin to them re pin or like it .
They should at least add the `` like '' option to the page .
Also REALLY wish it would tell me when I d already pinned/repinned something ! !
I LOVVVVVVE that u have added the already pinned warning !
Please never not_take not_this away , after so many pins I forget what I have already pinned and it s so so nice to be warned before .
I know you can click and hold the picture , but I feel like it takes a bit longer .
Obviously not a not_HUGE not_deal , but if I had to choose , it would be the way it was : ) \\n\\nBesides that , I LOVE PINTEREST !
That version is still I where you actually have to click on the picture , get it to full screen , then you can repin .
I wish I could use it more so please work on that update too !
but it crashes on my phone wayyyy too much it gets quite annoying because I can t just reopen it and be where I was before I have to find my place again and again and again ,
I like many new features but hate that I can no longer not_quickly not_use the like button .
Please bring back the like button on the main feed : ( ,
Why in the world would you take away the like button ?
The app is quick and easy and has never not_had a not_problem .
Please bring it back .
Please fix the bug that happens when clicking on a link to a website s Pinterest account from within the Pinterest app .
Makes no not_sense that you not_can t go to a Pinterest account link when you re in the Pinterest app !
Would be nice to have the number of news items on the iPad like on the iPhone app .
Please bring back the like button .
I get so many good ideas on how to wear my clothes for work and play !
Though , I rated it four stars because it crashes A LOT and sometimes doesn t load when you re trying to pin stuff from the Internet .
This has happened after every update and I d love it to be fixed !
I don t like the fact that when you re pin something you can t access the original source within the app .
ashleynicole425 , I hate that the like button was taken off the feed so you have to open pin to like it or repin something .
Never fails and I hate it .
Latest update has made this app much less not_user not_friendly .
Please fix these problems , we all love Pinterest ! !
One big thing is with the update you have to tap on the actual pin before you can like and pin it .
My HUGE issue with the update is that it s , well , HUGE !
Despite my love for Pinterest , I had to delete the app because of all the space it takes up .
Jj207611 , With the newest update you have to click on the pin to like , unlike , or comment on it .
I love this app it s awesome because all of the great pins this app is wonderful and I m glad they made it ,
I hope it could be fixed .
Everytime you want to pin/like something , you have to click on it , wait forever for it to load , then you can find the pin/like buttons .
Please fix this ! ! ! !
Tried to delete the app & amp ; my phone crashed .
Please put the `` pin '' button back .
I like that you can hold down on the picture to repin it , but you too away the like button on my main feed .
Please fix the memory issue ! !
Please fix it , otherwise I ll have to delete the app due to space constraints on my phone .
Now as I scroll through the popular page , without a not_doubt , it not_always crashes !
Please add the like button again .
It s been a couple months now and this STILL has not not_been not_fixed !
So you have to actually click on a picture to view it then you can like it , rather than how it was from the main page .
Agreed this used to be my favorite app but it crashes several times per use .
Please change this back .
Please change it back !
I hate that you have to open the thumbs to be able to like something .
But I love Pinterest so I still recommend it if you don t have pintrist .
I just want them to fix the update !
I have 2 problems with this app\\n1 .
Please put it back I hate having to click on the picture to like it !
This app ALWAYS crashes and it drives me insane !
\\nI also think it would be awesome if you could make it an option to hold your finger down on the pictures and have the option to save them to your camera roll ,
You have to click on the picture to access it .
I like how you can hold down a pin and add it to your boards .
Two things that should be added is a cover changer and the ability to add pictures .
My app hardly not_crashed not_before the update .
The last up date y all did kicked me out and can t log back in please fix soon .
I thought the new app and update was pretty stable until I realized it took up OVER 3 GB OF MY IPAD STORAGE !
I look at pins ... why does it take up so much space ?
The app randomly crashes a lot .
Please put option back .
Please bring back two columns .
The most recent update now requires me to login everytime I want to use it .
Absolutely hate that I now have click on the image just to repin or like something .
I was charged to update my Pinterest !
It s a great idea but the new feature where you hold down on a pin and you are able to pin to your own board more quickly is annoying when your scrolling and accidentally keep your finger on something too long that you don t want to pin .
I also like that you can press and hold an image to pin it .
If that could be fixed , along with the other issues , I would be extremely grateful and would probably change my rating from 3 stars to 5 .
Yeah it was crashing , but it was so much easier to pin .
But it crashes a lot , fix that then i give it 5 * ,
I haven t had problems since the latest update .
Why change it ?
I don t even need to go on my desktop to use all of the capabilities .
Please fix the crashing problem !
Ever since I updated my Pinterest app , it won t stop crashing !
I can t look at anything on it !
All you have to do is tap and hold the picture until it pops up your boards .
I have encountered a few minor glitches , the most annoying is it crashes sometimes often .
I would like to see the items that are for sale and items without not_directions not_clearly marked .
I had to delete this app bc my phone just would not not_work not_when it was installed due to the space it kept eating up .
I HATE that you can t do that .
Its fast other than it crashing a lot .
But I hate how on this update you can t repin unless you re on the single pin .
I need it back ... it s not not_easier to just not_tap to repin , it s a PAIN !
On the homepage looking at friends pins I don t like that I can t click repin or like right there like we used to .
But I can t deal with this new update !
I miss the like button , and whenever I hold the picture to pin something it lags and after a few pins it crashes !
Please fix this , I m sure I m not the only one not_unhappy .
Why did you take away the pin it and like it button ?
Now I have to click on the picture if I want to pin it .
Please change this !
\\n\\nIf you just stop updating it would be the best app ever .
\\n One thing that would make it better is sub folders for example I could have a folder called for the home and sub folders titled kitchen , bathroom , bedroom .
Overall , I like it , but now you have to click on the pin to like it .
I LOVE pinterest , but the app is terrible the screen freezes and then the app crashes .
Ms. Superstar , Why oh why do I need to sign in to Pinterest now ?
I had to remove the app because it was taking up nearly 6GB of memory .
The only way to fix it is to uninstall the app and add it back on .
When I uninstalled the app my whole phone crashed .
Why did you take away the ability to like and pin directly in the newsfeed ?
and repin buttons from the pins while searching , now you have to click on the pin , wait for it to load , scroll down and THEN pin it !
Just bring back the old way of pinning and liking now !
\\nAlso , when you do repin things , you have to scroll through all your boards to do so .
Every other upgrade has been great , but this problem is a huge annoyance .
Why is the like button under each pin on the app gone ?
Now we can t quickly scroll through and even `` like '' a pin without not_having to not_click on it and open it full screen .
Like the upgrade but still closes suddenly while adding new pins to my boards .
It doesn t make any sense to me that the new update calls for quicker pinning , yet after the update you now have to click the actual pin before you have any choices with it !
It s not not_quicker not_when you have to click on it !
Why would you do that ? ! ? ! ! ?
Why are they intent on making the app user unfriendly ?
Why do they hate pinners so much ?
I love the fact that we re now able to search our own pins , & amp ; the warning when we ve already pinned something ; however the crashing bug has not not_been not_fixed , they removed the repin button from the small scale pins so now you must leave your scrolling to maximize the pin , and the app still caches photos which takes up a lot of memory .
Pinterest is great , but I would suggest accessing it from the computer for the time being .
While I love Pinterest and this app , I only gave it 4 stars because it crashes often and most recently , I discovered that every time I open the app it takes more of my storage space on my phone !
I noticed this when I was unable to download an app bc of lack of space .
Knowing there was no way not_I not_had used all 13 gb on my 4s , I immediately went to my settings ... much to my surprise I discovered Pinterest was taking up 7 GB of space ! !
When the update stalls and stays frozen then we have a problem .
I totally recommend it !
The Pinterest app just had an update and unfortunately it was for the worst !
I hate how you have to tap the picture to just heart it when before there was a heart button that you could easily tap .
why did you take away the `` like '' and `` repin '' buttons ?
What happened ?
Why is this ?
I can t even look at anything , it just crashes ! ! !
Now you have to click and pull up a big picture in order to repin it .
I don t like how the pin and the like buttons aren t in the picture and how you have to go all the way into the pin to like it !
Please change it back !
It does not not_work not_well for me .
I think you need to rethink this .
When I went in and found you could clear the cache , I tried clearing it and my phone locked up and then crashed .
The app should not not_be not_allowed to store so much , there needs to be a cut off and maybe it could clear itself when you exit the app .
Anyway , great app but please fix the cache issue .
Please fix any issues w/your app .
In iPhone u can t pin to a board from the small image like we used to .
I love the app better than the computer version but now you have to click on a picture instead of just seeing it in the queue and pressing the repin button .
Now you have to click on the image to do that .
My phone hasn t been able to download the latest version and I have no not_idea not_what the problem is ,
Please put those buttons back .
It just crashed 4 times in the last 2 minutes , until I gave up .
\\n\\nPinterest please fix this !
Now it s crashing and making me log back in everytime I close the app .
And please add the repin button back .
With the new update , the icons are smaller as to make more pins available at one time .
I don t like this new one because you have to click on the picture to then click on `` pin it '' and I hate that .
\\n\\nAnd it still crashes .
This app takes up so much spaces and is constantly crashing .
It is very aggravating when something catches your eye and you go to pin it but guess what the app decides to crash .
Now you have to click the picture just to like it and it always takes forever to load for me .
How is that easier ?
The update before that one was AMAZING but this one where you have to double tap the pin doesn t work .
I wish there was some way to change which way you pin .
Why can t we have a pin option without not_having to not_open the whole thing ? ?
Since updated a couple of hours ago , app has crashed three times ! ! !
Why was the `` email pin '' feature removed ?
Just opened up the app after the newest upgrade and I m speechless !
I just hope it doesn t have problems crashing , the more I play around with it .
But with the new update , you can no longer not_pin or not_like things from the main board , you actually have to click into the pin to repin it , and that is awful , infuriating , a waste of time , and a huge step backward .
I don t like how you can t pin or like now without not_clicking not_picture , and I really don t like that there are no not_letters on not_side now when repinning , it was a lot easier before updates .
I just hope they har another update to fix these issues .
Updated it this morning and wish I didn t. Now you have to click into an image to like or pin it .
\\n\\nPinterest programming gurus please fix this mistake ! ! ! !
One thing I don t like about the new update is that you have to click on the picture to go to another page , just to like it .
\\nAlso the popular page is all just photos with no not_descriptions , not_please bring them back .
Just love it !
My friend has an iPod 4 and she tried to download the new update and it has completely crashed it to where it s not not_working at not_all ( turning itself on and off ) so be very cautious ! !
TMRains6 , Just did the update and I don t like the quick pin .
I just don t like having to tap every single pin just to repin or like if that makes any since .
Please bring this feature back .
So glad they added something that lets you know when you ve already pinned something !
My friend recently had to have her phone reset because this app used up all of her memory and when I checked how much of my memory Pinterest was using is was up to 6 gigs of memory !
Now we just need to add more secret boards .
Everyone should have this ! ! !
Once I figured out how to use it on my iPod I haven t been able to stop !
This app is easy to use and rarely has not_issues .
Rarely crashes , user friendly , and is a cut above other such apps .
This gives me so many creative ideas , just love this app ,
It s hard to take the time to learn all the new , cool features , because I get sucked in to looking over all the pins , which leads to new sites , which leads to , well you get the picture : ) \\nI learn something new and useful every time I am on this site , and I can t think of any other site this would apply to .
It crashes often .
Please fix that .
I love Pinterest and the app is well laid out and easily searchable , however it often crashes and says no not_pins not_available for categories where there should be millions of pins ... not not_sure not_why it does that , but it would be nice to see it fixed somehow .
When I don t know what to wear , cook , plant , buy , or decorate ... and when I just need a laugh !
This site is like a big bag of chips.1 is not not_enough and you not_can t stop !
Now they need to create a Pinterest anonymous to treat all us addicts ,
I just LOVE PINTEREST ! ! !
It has helped me create my dream wedding !
I think I need to attend rehab for my Pinterest addiction & amp ; this app is an enabler !
There are so many great ideas for every part of your life .
Easy to use , hasn t crashed , and is great for passing the time !
I do wish there was a way to pin on several boards and to let you know if you have already pinned something !
First 2 days I spent all day on it and thanks to Pinterest I made a very inexpensive wedding look glamorous !
There are so many ideas on these boards , one can never not_run not_out of projects !
My favorite addition Pinterest has made are the secret boards .
I am addicted to pinterest but I had to delete the app because I was using all the storage on my iPhone !
Is there any way it can be changed so it doesn t take up so much storage ? !
The only problem is mind force quits often , but that could be my fault for not not_having the not_new update .
If you are addicted to the site like I am , you need the app to go along with it !
The one thing missing is a `` Scroll to Top '' tab like the one available when Pinterest is opened in a browser .
Everything is here at your fingertips .
\\nAnd THANK YOU PINTEREST for listening to your users and adding the options they requested ! ! !
\\n\\nThe last software update has a bug that I hope will be resolved soon .
I like having picture references for things I find on the Web .
The app is better than the desktop site although I wish you could scroll thru pins instead of having to click each one .
But I guess you can just post it twice .
I recommend it to everyone ! !
The only thing that needs to get fixed is sometimes it won t let u pin .
Like a few others have said , it gets overwhelmed and crashes occasionally , and it would be great if that was fixed .
I highly recommend it !
I started to enjoy cooking again , I plan my meals everyday around the recipes I find on pinterest .
After 37 years of cooking for my family I needed some fresh ideas .
This app comes in very handy when I need to come up with a recipe quick and I m at the store : D ,
I think EVERYONE should have this app !
The only thing I recommend is to be able to add contacts by email address or name ,
I get frustrated when I can t pin something though .
but it crashes sometimes , there are a LOT of repeated pins and at times the pins in a category have nothing to do with the subject ? !
I don t want push notifications , it needs to be simpler to decline that option ! ! ! !
I can t ! ! !
I have been using this app since it has come out and have never not_had a not_problem with it !
Anything and everything you wanted to know and more !
Love it exactly what my Pinterest addiction needed .
Pinterest is a wonderful way to translate what you are , what you want and what you need .
I ve not not_had not_glitch issues as others have .
many of the bugs I had issues with before have been fixed : ) I m an addict ! !
I never have not_problems with it .
I highly recommend it !
Very addictive and the app just makes it so I m on it twice as much .
I love love love the app and Pinterest but it s locks up and crashes A LOT please fix this it s very obnoxious ,
I had to go online and reregister with an online profile to fix the problem .
I just love this app .
I am kind of a Pinterest addict ( will soon seek help ) but until then , I need my fix .
Haven t had any issues with crashing or locking up .
I agree with several previous pinners that it would be good to allow users to indicate when they have tried something by way of a button .
However , they need to bring back the alphabet on the side for easier pinning to your boards .
I love Pinterest and love the most recent upgrade on the iPhone but the iPad app needs to be upgraded as well .
Be motivated , satisfy your curiosity and if you need a good laugh , get Pinterest !
I need to use it often .
just smaller and now I can use it on my iPod just as easy !
What did we ever do without not_pinterest not_?
\\nYou : Download it\\nPinterest : Team pinnable secret boards , please !
I could become addicted if not not_managed not_properly ; ) !
Pinterest has great ideas , but would be nice if the sources were easier to find ,
I have learned so much from all the people that have posted their pictures and information on how to do certain things .
The best way for me is to just to like something then when I get home I can look at all my likes .
Very helpful in inspiring creative ideas for DIY projects , but some of the pins could be labeled phonographic or obscene .
Great for finding all those tips , tricks and life hacks that could have been lost forever if it weren t for this depository of awesome .
The updates have made navigation so much easier !
I just love it !
Every organized person should have this app ! !
I had no not_idea not_I needed this ! !
This app crashes ALL THE TIME .
I am really disappointed to see that the alphabet shortcut has been removed .
Pinterest is a great thing to start out with .
\\n I wish there was a way to rate an idea .
Maybe someone else could offer a reason why it doesn t work or be able to tag something as fraud !
So many tips , ideas , wonderful pics but it is addictive ! ! !
Love love love Pinterest but we need sub boards to keep everything organized so i can find my pins again !
You won t be sorry you download this , however you may just become an addict like the rest of us !
I love this app I use it all the time and u can find just about anything but I tried to update it and it didn t work and now I can t get on it : ( : ( : ( ,
Works well on the phone , but what happened to the `` never not_ending not_'' pages ? ?
Such a great way to get ideas for projects , recipes , clothes , etc . there is truly something for everyone on Pinterest !
It s never not_crashed on me and not_I have an iPhone 5 .
It has not not_crashed not_either .
Only one request for improvement please find an easier way to clean up and move pins from boards to other boards .
If it needs more info it redirects you to the correct website .
You don t need me to tell you that !
\\nI highly recommend this app to everyone I meet .
The ideas are endless..such a great app ! !
Mllertyvy , Most recent update ( 2013 ) doesn t work I can t link out to anything anymore or see the original websites from my pins .
Only the picture links for my pins are available .
I love this app as a boost , it would be nice to be able to do specific topic search .
There are so many great ideas we see and share when we pin !
The only suggestion I have is , like the previous pinner said , a `` did it '' button would be nice with the option to leave feedback on how it turned out or suggestions on how to change it/make it better .
Love this app can t get enough it .
I have never not_had an not_operational issue with it randomly shutting down .
I m on it all the time and have very few problems .
If there could be anything changed , I would suggest an easier way to move pins between boards .
although I would like to see a way to know if you ve already pinned something .
I rarely have not_any not_bugs and they are always fixed by logging out and then in or closing the app and reopening .
I just love Pinterest ! !
I just got the app so I don t really know what it is like but I have heard it is awesome ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Both times , deleting Pinterest crashed my phone and I had to do a factory restore to get it working again .
This really needs to be fixed .
Please , please fix this .
This need to be fixed .
I like it , but it does seem to crash often .
Love to pin when I can t sleep !
I haven t mastered how to pin something from the Internet myself .
It keeps crashing when I look at a pin , please fix !
soo many good ideas & amp ; inspiration on many things to improve ur life only bad thing is once u start you cant stop & amp ; time just flies by : ) ,
Only gripe is that you can t zoom in on pins .
I am in love with the Pinterest app although I would like to see a change made in the amount of pins showed per page or show unlimited pins when scrolling to the bottom of the page .
If you are looking at wedding pins for example you should not not_be not_limited in the amount of pins you can scroll though .
I just LOVE Pinterest ! ! ! ! !
The only reason 4 stars is the same issues other reviewers have mentioned .
After using this app I have to ask why bother ?
I have had no not_problems at not_all with this app .
I have practically planned my entire wedding off of Pinterest ! !
When I first downloaded the app 6 months ago , it was crashing every time I used it .
Plus some great `` how to s '' !
App crashes too often .
Seriously , how hard it is to fix it ?
I m not a not_facebook not_fan , but this is inspiring , lots of cool ideas & amp ; tips and it s like tearing out articles from mags ( that u think you may try later ) sort of a scrap book `` feel '' for you to collect things for maybe later the only problem is there isn t much info on how to reply to someone without not_everyone on the not_`` board '' seeing your comments , I m sure it s easier to use than a newbie can understand need more beginner directions IMO but I use it daily !
Only wish it would tell me what I have already pinned !
\\n Becoming an expert on how to lose weight , yet not not_actually not_DOING those activities .
Has never not_crashed or not_froze on my iPhone .
If you could solve this problem , that d be great !
Updates really made it 5 stars ,
Whenever I go to log in , the button never not_works and not_never redirects me to a page .
Definitely needs some TLC .
Thank you for adding the feature of letting one know if its already been pinned .
I recommend it .
The recent improvements made a big difference .
There are some many cute ideas and I go to it for a lot of ideas ! ! !
Love Pinterest but the app for iPad uses so much storage 20GB that it crashed my iPad .
Please fix this .
This app allows the same addiction , just on the go !
It just keeps growing in size and must be deleted then reinstalled .
I love the app but had to delete it because it took up way too much storage .
But I guess you cold just make another board .
I even made boards of things I just truly love , like animals .
Can t seem to figure out how to send a msg with the newer email feature .
It does seem to crash more than previously .
you can create your own boards with your ideas and follow any body around the world .
When I m looking for home decor ... ... the last thing I want to see is some FAT GIRL !
I feel like I was always trying to tear pages out of magazines for inspiration or `` favorite '' web pages , but eventually I would get overwhelmed with the clutter and toss out all the pages and who ever actually remembers what all their favorites are ?
I have a few suggestions but I love seeing Pinterest evolve ... you guys always figure out how to keep making it better ! !
Why do I want to be able to repin things with the tedious effort of a whole touch when I could look it up on the google and pin it for myself from there ?
\\n\\nRight after I plan an indoor picnic .
Only thing I would suggest is creating a way to make subdivisions for each board .
It s great for browsing pins or pulling up a particular pin ( like when you re at the grocery store and forgot to make a list of ingredients for a new dish ) .
Some web links have been removed by host and Pinterest says that there are followers .
If Pinterest could recognize the removed or deleted hosted web links with in the app itself and send a notice somehow to Pinterest followers that would be nice .
Kinda frustrating when I really wanted to learn how to do a craft and I end up lost all over the web rather lost in the fun moment of Pinterest .
Overall I give it a solid `` A '' grade because that problem only happens occasionally .
It crashes all the time when I try to repin something and then I can never not_find that not_exact same thing again so it is really frustrating ! !
Need after pinning to have a 3rd option of returning to the content you work working from instead of just tweeting , facebooking or seeing you own pin .
See above .
Sometimes it crashes but overall , it is a great app .
It truly is cyber hoarding , but I just can t help pinning everything !
I really love this app ; ) it makes me very creative and be informative on anything that i want to know about !
Never enough hours in the day to fill my mind with creativity and insights on so many topics Problems viewing on IPad however , crashes frequently need to work out those bugs .
The only problem I wish they could fix is to not not_let not_people pin stuff without not_any not_information about the subject .
My imagination & amp ; visual world r like a kid in a candy store whenever I visit u . Can t wait 2 use more of u 2 make my dreams come true !
Please make it work !
I don t know how to use it completely but learn more each time .
It just shows the `` sign up or sign in '' page & amp ; when I click on something it doesn t do anything .
There are so many ideas and lots of information .
The only problem I have is that I have to re login every time I use the app .
I love how you can pin from everywhere and not have it just not_be on a not_computer !
I also felt Pinterest was reading my mind when you added the send to someone option .
I just love it ,
Love the content but the platform crashes my iPad every 5 minutes or so .
Only seems to be a problem when accessing through weekly email .
It has been so helpful to me as I wedding plan to organize and collect ideas .
Such a fun app but they truly need stronger controls on inappropriate material .
I hate that you have to click on the image before you can like or repin it .
Not clear how to set up my own boards when not not_doing it on a not_computer .
It is amazing how many good ideas you can find for almost anything you could need ! !
I m on it all the time and it has never not_crashed .
I haven t had a single issue .
Everyone should have it .
This app has provided me great recipes or ideas on how to do anything from decorate to clean .
This app is great but it does have a problem when pinning from a website .
Minus one star because it sometimes crashes .
Glad they finally created an iPad app .
Please allow users to make this PRIVATE from anyone who googles the user s name on the Internet ! ! ! ! ! !
Great app for new projects and as an easy reference for projects that you want to do in the future .
I know it would be hard to keep track of what I ve pinned but it would be nice to be notified that I ve already pinned it !
I guess , if I don t know if I ve pinned it , I need to slow down !
I m totally addicted and want to try everything I see on this app from recipes to hairstyles to workouts , etc . can t stop looking .
\\n\\nSometimes the app crashes .
I , you , we can find anything ?
If there is a pattern I want to see the instructions but I can ne er figure it out .
The only reason it is not not_getting not_five stats is because I think you should be able to recommend pins to other pinners instead of having to email or post to social site .
Haven t had any problems .
It s a little hard to figure out how to get the options to display after they disappear .
Pics need to scroll left and right , and the ability to zoom is overdue .
I frequently have to just Like them to save them so I can look later on my computer , since there is no way to not_see on the not_app .
You re finding valuable recipes , stylish outfits , inspiring quotes , and solutions for how to get that funky stain out of your favorite sweater .
It has given me so many perfect ideas that I would have never not_known not_how to do on my own .
I never not_understood not_what was missing from my shopping experience .
Pinterest either needs to fix this problem immediately or else they need to change their rating so vigilant parents can be aware of this app s potential pitfall .
It s my escape to app when I just need some me time in a hectic day .
I love being creative so all the ideas are great .
Can always use some fashion tips so love them too ! ! !
Love this app easy to use just wish there was something to say you already pinned because some days I just pinn and forgot I already pinned it : ) ,
Great site , but often crashes after opening a pin .
I gave it four stars because it crashes easily , but the app is still great !
Transition from computer to iPad made windows a little hard to find and I don t so much like that it leaves a lot of tabs open ... not not_sure not_what the purpose of that is but I guess it s not not_too not_bad since I m on Pintrest for hours anyway !
The only reason I have it 4 instead of 5 stars was because I wish there was a way to organize the boards .
Me5773388 , The app is fine and here is my review so stop asking me to rate it .
Just love this app .
I will be looking at a pin I like and it crashes .
It s honestly such a good app to have for just about anything there is so many good ideas and easy DIY s that it just makes it so much fun .
Easy to use , find things I ve pinned or am newly searching and get to where I need to be on the web .
Its all I can say maybe you should know what I mean .
Why is that ?
npoling1006 , At least they are trying to fix it one problem at a time ; ) still addicted regardless ! !
I can t stop .
Be careful you will stop every other addicting thing on you ipad for pintrest !
Tons of great ideas\\nOnly problem is some links want you to join their site to look at item .
I love gardening and the suggestions provide useful information to further expand them .
Still amazing though , just love it !
I would have to say the only bad thing is that i feel guilty when I look at the site because I always post things and rarely not_do not_I ever complete any of the projects .
I just wish it would allow you to move multiple items into a new different board it ll make reorganizing much better .
It has never not_crashed on me , not_& amp ; captures everything I love !
I only wish that each product that could be bought would have the URL available to set up the action to buy !
It has everything you need ! ! !
And the alphabet tab is missing from the board list ?
Great app , never not_crashes and not_works well .
Please keep up the great work .
I did have trouble when I updated it recently wouldn t let me log in so I had to remove the app and download again ,
Really don t have any issues with the app .
Since it updated it doesn t crash or get frozen .
Awesome app , I ve never not_had a not_problem with it .
And , finally , you can suggest pins to directly to your friends , making Pinterest more social than ever .
Awesome resource for just about anybody living in this day and age ... ..yes MEN ... .you can even find this site useful and fun to surf around .
I am super addicted to Pinterest but I hate that it crashes all the time and I lose everything I was just doing .
Love it but it crashes on IPad very frustrating ,
Claire bdh , I just upgraded to the iPhone 5 and after I close the app I can t sign in again .
jesusfreak , LUV it~ there are only 3 deficits : \\n1 It would be SO helpful if the pins could be repositioned on the board .
Great way to kill time , get some great ideas , and just see the world in a positive light .
I find whatever I need .
this app made my LIFE !
I have saved money , returned to crafting , and been inspired to do what I want to do rather than just buying what is available ! !
Mimi81269 , It s everything you want to look at or know about all in one place ?
\\n\\nI m raising my review because the latest version of this iPhone app is great !
Does tend to go through periods where it crashes frequently , but they fix it quickly .
So we can not not_email not_pins from the iPhone anymore ?
The copy link button never not_actually not_copies the link for me so therefore I can t even copy the link into an email myself .
Please put the email link button back on , that is my only complaint .
, it has everything you need .
I have to set a timer so I can get off in a decent time if not not_I not_will be on there for hours ! ! ! !
I recommend it .
I highly recommend it !
This is the only issue I ever have .
I can t wait to move into my new house to accomplish some of these ideas I have everything from ideas of how to rock out a small bathroom to crock pot meals and lets not not_forget not_all of the sewing tutorials ! ! !
It s really addicting ; there are so many interesting and fascinating pins and ideas .
The ability to send pins to other pinners is great , however I do really wish you could send a message along with that pig .
Sometimes have issues with it closing unexpectedly and I m unable to easily get back to the pin I was viewing .
Great app never not_had not_any problems with it .
I highly recommend joining in on the fun : ) ,
It would be cool to have a Did It button !
Why do you crash so much on my ipad !
Great for when I have just a couple minutes of down time , and also helps me to plan dinners .
Only downside is if you use it too much ( have scrolled pretty far down a category ) , the app will crash !
It doesn t fail or quit .
Now you have to scroll through ALL of your boards if they are not the not_top not_three that you just pinned .
Please add the directory back !
I will not not_update my not_other devices until this improves .
It just takes too much time .
I have just recently joined the pinning community and can tell you that I am enjoying tremendously !
I use it at least once a day to look at pins and absolutely recommend this to everyone .
It s simple really : you can search subjects by category , and you can save any websites you come across on the internet to one organized place .
I ve gotten so many amazing ideas from using Pinterest , I just adore it !
I can use this app for hours on end ! !
I thought it was too much and unorganized but after using it and seeing what ideas were on there , I love it !
This app has it all perfect for moms fashionista s mominista s and all that s in between it has everything you ever need to decorate your home family DIY and make up and mom this is my life s cosmopolitan but a 1000x better\\n\\nNina bina 27 ,
If you need a new addiction this is it LOL !
Wish that there was a did it or made it button though .
Thank u who ever created this inspirational app !
The only problem is I m spending too much time pinning and not not_enough on not_Everything Else !
There are ideas for EVERYTHING ! !
The only problem with it is that it s so addicting ! ! !
My lit of things to do has just gotten longer an longer , it would be nice to see if someone completed the task and took there own pictures of it and be able to pin it .
So glad they added the option to `` send '' ,
\\n\\nI agree it would be nice to have a way to flag something that you tried and ability to review again at that point .
\\n\\nThank you for adding the search my pins feature .
It really helps a lot , it is very informative , i just love it !
Never need a magazine again .
Just bought a house and I love all the ideas on the gardening site !
Please fix the app !
I do not not_believe you not_can pin from the internet on the iPad , but I cultivate my boards and even create new ones very easily .
My only issue is the app some how grew to 2.8 gb so I had to delete it and reinstall it .
Where else can you not only not_put not_what you make , etc , but also look at what others are making , growing , ccrafting ... well just about anything in the world .
Thanks for whomever made this wonderful app !
Highly recommend it ,
:0 ) \\nHowever , the site crashes quite often , on my iPad , and it gets hung up , randomly .
I.e . when accessing a website , thru a pin I ve liked , it will hang or crash .
Never knew what I was missing ! ! !
All you need in an app of it s kind .
I may not have it not_figured not_out but i just think there should be an easier way to save , print or retrieve what you want .
I recommend it to all my friends ,
It would be nice if the refresh to view more was at the bottom instead of the top though .
I have made so many recipes , crafts , and gotten great ideas for the kids !
I have no not_issues with it and not_will continue to use it .
As with most people I know , I spend far too much time finding things I think I need to know or have .
I have never not_had a not_problem with this app .
I recommend this to everyone because I think just about everyone could find something of interest .
I do wish there was a way to search only the boards of people you follow though !
I can t stop pinning , even after suffering an injury trying out one of the DIY s !
I use it all the time and have never not_had not_any problems ! !
The only thing I wish you could do is turn your existing boards to private .
No complaints works exactly as I need it to .
I am wonderfully amazed with the strides this website/app has made .
Every thing I need ! !
I do have problems with the app `` force quitting '' then it just shuts down .
The send feature even let s me hook new people on Pinterest by showing them what they are missing out on .
Every thing I always wanted , i can have on Pinterest , plus you get to meet people from all over the world !
It will sit on one frame and then jump when it finally does scroll .
I m up to almost 2GB and the only solution is to uninstall the app .
# fail ,
but , it crashes a lot !
If you want to no longer have a not_life , or not_plan on viewing life in a totally different and depressing perspective , get Pinterest .
The update only made ot better .
The only thing is I wish I would tell you when you ve already pinned something so you don t pin it twice !
I recommend this to everyone !
Steeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeve , Most of the time it s fun BUT people need to be more mature in what they say and what pictures they post .
It s got everything I need for all the areas of my life : organization , crafts , decorations , holidays , fashion !
Ideas on this site have save me when I forgot to prepare for a Girl Scout meeting .
I wish it wasn t so sensitive to side swiping you can click on something the wrong way and poof it s gone because it swiped to another page .
I love surfing sites for a project I m working on , pinning the item I need and then later coming back to my board and comparing .
No more taking notes , I just pin and compare any time .
I would only suggest more secret boards !
My non existent future wedding needs more than 3 boards to categorize everything !
\\nI think you need to add a done it button so u can click it when u completed a pin\\n\\nAlso have sub boards ex\\nMain board Christmas\\nThen when u click on it u have opinion of clicking\\nFood\\nDecorations \\nIdeas \\n\\nOr something like that ,
Okay , okay , I need to stop fangirling , but I seriously can t stop talking about Pinterest .
The only bad thing I have to say is that it crashes a lot .
If it could be fixed in the next update , that would be FABULOUS ! !
When I browse while on the iPad , it crashes very often !
I really enjoy PINterest but this app constantly crashes on my iPad ( 1st generation ) .
I update as necessary but the app still crashes .
The ideas on Pinterest are so inspiring !
I keep getting kicked back to the top of a page or the app just crashes .
Could spend hours on this , would love to have reminder settings in each category , I forget to look at for example my recipes when at grocery store .
I highly recommend getting it .
The only thing I don t know how to do is to add my own images for others to see .
I can easily access my pins and update my boards .
But the iPad app could use a different layout .
Ionta , Just love all the ideas on here .
I recommend this a lot it is great .
I even post items I have to sale !
You have to make yourself get off .
So many simple ideas that are great ! !
There are so many cute ideas !
This app is very fluid and hasn t crashed on me at all .
However , lately Pinterest has a new layout every other day ; while all the updates are great and I ve like every one of them , it would be nice if Pinterest looked the same for a little while and I got used to using new features .
But when I click on things to make them bigger , the app randomly crashes .
There are so many great ideas on Pinterest !
You do have to double check the credibility of some information that is pinned but you have to check credibility when using the Internet anyway .
In the new version make sure you change the comment before you choose the board to post it to : ) .
I am not on not_Pinterest not_everyday , but log on whenever I feel I need to get away .
I would like to see Pinterest monitor what is pinned more closely !
I have noticed I can search when using it on my laptop but am unable to search with the app .
Great app , wish there was a did it button ,
I really love this app , but maybe if you could have tabs open like a web browser I would be better .
Never have a problem with it ! ! !
beebossvc , I love it and can t stop looking at things .
T arudahl , I can t log in to the app !
I use it everyday and have had no not_problems .
I have found and made many recipes , gotten great craft ideas and more .
\\n\\nThat said , the most recent , FULL update added a lot of functionality .
You can finally add new pins with the app , instead of just repinning other people s stuff , which was a seriously lame oversight on the developers part the first time around .
\\n\\nI still think the way the app handles scrolling with the weird vanishing menu bar is annoying as all get out , and I hate that the bar pops back up at the slightest downward swipe , generally obscuring whatever I went back up to look at , so minus another star for that .
You can see everything , you can become inspired to make something , be taught on how to do something you ve always wanted to do .
Like the reviewer before me it would be AMAZING if there was a `` done this '' or `` did it '' button where we could give a little review and show pics of what we have made , baked , created etc etc.\\nBut other than that this app rocks !
Watch out because once you start you can not not_stop !
BUT I m annoyed at the update added that allows you to Repin , but seems to not not_let you not_add a new note .
It is amazing what you can find .
I love all the inspiration and ideas from other people , it would be nice to have a `` from me '' board you can post pictures on .
Love it though wish there was a more advanced filter system , including ability to exclude pins you ve seen before ?
As soon as it crashes less it not_will not_be perfection .
I need Pinterest like I need food , water and sleep .
Just download it , you ll love it : ) ,
I go here every time I need inspiration for parties or any event I m planning .
The only problem I have found is that the app freezes when I try to pin anything from the web .
This app crashes soooo much !
Just keep pinning !
\\n\\nThank you to all the talented millions who have amazing ideas : the fearless designers who think far outside the box , the original stylists who are propelling trends , the photographers who snap mind blowing pictures , the graphic artists who wildly wield their cursors , the thinkers who post both silly and meaningful quotes , the knowers and teachers who generously share how tos .
The I pad app allows better viewing , but often gets overloaded and crashes ; plus there are still many , many steps to pin .
\\n\\nI think it would be super useful to have some more ways to search .
Also the pins that are considered spam should be deleted ,
When I need ideas or solutions , Pinterest is the very thing I check first !
For iPad 1 , it has few bugs and is easy to use .
Nice but needs more functions ,
Seriously what were we doing before Pinterest ! ?
It like having your own real fairy god mother to clean you up & amp ; get you ready for the ball , with quick , easy & amp ; cheap tricks ! !
but I would love to see sub boards .
Also , it would be easier to have a `` move to '' button on all of your pins that way if they end up in the wrong board you can just move it to the correct one .
Their updates really update and improve the app !
Very few things that could be fixed but not not_enough to not_keep me away .
Please tell me when I ve already Pinned something .
If you need ideas on anything , you will find it here .
\\n\\nYou use to be able to pin pictures from your phone camera library , now you can only take a picture or use a website .
There is nothing on pinterest that you can not not_find not_information on .
Every woman needs one !
I highly suggest it .
The app definitely needs unlimited secret boards first , or otherwise create a version in which you don t need to share .
\\n\\nI would like to use this app locally to just save and store my own bookmarks .
I just love this app .
Recipes , decorating , how to s , fashion , everything you need to know without not_googling .
My daughter in law is planning one of her friends bachelorette party and it is great that even if the person looks at her page she can not not_see the not_idea board .
I really would like to see more diversified categories for many more search choices in the future .
It does , however , close out at inappropriate times , hope this will be fixed in the near future .
I would love if there was a did it button !
I never have not_issues with the not_Pinterest app .
I love it whenever I need an idea for what to do with the kids , a party theme , or gardening how toos this is the place I go !
Highly recommend it : ) ,
I love the ideas that are on here and I love coming up with ways to have my daughters parties and do things myself ! ! ! !
I just downloaded this app one week ago , and I use it everyday !
If you don t pin you need to start .
The newest version of the app supports an easier re pinning interface where you don t have to open additional menus to pin to a different board .
Wish I could create many more secret boards though !
\\n\\n Would be better if , at sign up , there was complete instruction and understanding of the site .
I tried some ideas and they needed a bit of changing or they didn , t work .
Sometimes a pin is far removed from its first pinning and loses the orig .
But every second I go on and edit it crashes constantly and I hate that but everything else is just wonderful !
\\n\\nMy only critique : the back arrow is pinned to the top of the screen , so it s inconvenient when you tap on a pin to see it up close , scroll down to see the whole thing , and then have to scroll back up to get back to the main board you were looking at .
Really pretty , solves all my troubles getting pins into the right folders , hasn t crashed on me at all .
Wish more sites would allow pinning from mobile devices .
I really like this app , however , I think it would be a good idea if a person who wants to see one of my secret boards on their device , could click on it and type in the password .
Just love this app I use the food and drink one all the time .
Pinterest is the best app they have EVER created ! !
Fantastic but needs a better Interface when logging categories .
I love Pinterest but the app crashes every now and then but no not_major not_problems so far !
It operates fine on the computer , but needs some fixing .
If your looking for something just type it in the search engine and it almost always has what your looking for .
I just did the update .
I am unable to log in .
In less not_than an not_hour , it was fixed .
Whoever created it and whoever created those ideas deserve to be much appreciated !
There are so many great ideas and products .
I just wish that the pages that have been deleted on the Internet could be deleted on here too .
Never crashes , refreshes frequently and never not_freezes .
I recommend this app without not_hesitation .
Since I had to delete my Pinterest app , I have been trying to use the website through Safari , but the mobile site only shows one picture at a time , and there is no way to not_scroll not_back up to the top quickly .
Last week I was at the grocery and forgot the ingredients for a recipe on my Pinterest board .
I was instantly linked to my boards and able to find what I needed !
The app hardly not_ever not_crashes anymore .
The only thing I have a problem with it doesn t pull up all the pins , it stops and you have to reload up some new ones .
Guess I need to work on being more patience .
I just wish the Pinterest would tell us where they were taken or from .
The only improvement I can suggest is to notify users when they re trying to pin something they ve already pinned .
Always could use improvement but I still use it everyday !
To pin stuff and explore things you like is easy but I know there is a lot more to it I don t quite understand yet , for instance linking to my Facebook and following people I didn t even know you could do until months later .
One reviewer suggested a `` Did It '' button along with an option to post a pic of the accomplishment .
There are a few issues with opening pins to find something entirely different than the expected recipe .
Very addicting , can t wait to close on my house so my wife and I can use the ideas we have found .
This needs to be fixed .
I can t stop .
Love it , but recently having trouble with it crashing when I want to reorganize some of my boards .
I rarely not_crash and not_what I can t do with my IPad I switch to my computer .
Great but the refresh feature needs to work better .
I like that I can create new boards mid pin and search for anything , just like if I was on line .
I would like to see new DIY posts people !
I really highly recommend this app ! ! !
\\n\\nJune : in the last 3 minutes the app had crashed over 5 times while trying to edit a pin .
I just wish there was a way to get rid of pins that are just pictures of a project that have no not_link to not_instructions/recipe/etc ,
This app never not_fails to not_keep me entertained and engaged in beautiful ideas and new inspiration .
I have never not_had not_any problems out of it .
One suggestion can we please have the ability to create more secret boards !
That was a great idea whoever thought of it .
But I think there should be a button that people have to click if they did something and knows that it works ! !
Don t know why I waited so long to get this app , I recommend it all the time to my friends and family ... .and they get addicted too !
However , I have a really hard Ti , e trying to figure out how to pin something originally from a website ! !
Would also like to have the ability to pin to more than one board at a time .
But I got sweat stains out of my favorite shirts ( hence the stains ) , having a friend build a nail polish shelf for me , have new nail art for the entire year , learned how to make a maxi skirt , that a grey wall does not not_look not_like a prison it actually looks really nice with the right accents , told my son how to build a fire pit in the backyard of his brand new house , and how to make skittles vodka to go with the monkey bread that is also addicting .
I could use it for hours .
I love the content but my app constantly crashes , doesn t let me sign out and the boards freeze .
I d like to have more secret boards for gifts and things , but other than that , love Pinterest !
There are awesome ideas for everything here ! ! !
Thanks to Pinterest , I have made door wreaths , grew in my eyebrows , purchased a blender and made the most delicious smoothies and the lists goes on !
I would like to have more options when it comes to the folder management but that s what updates are for .
Works well just like the full version .
Please fix this ! ! ! !
I LOVE the new update but the push notifications need to be fixed , otherwise 5 stars ! ! ?
I think everyone needs an account : ) ,
I just love all the school stuff and food ideas I am getting from pinterest .
Fully recommend it !
Fantastic app that lets you explore anything you re truly interested in .
I think it s ridiculous that you can t email pins to people anymore , it makes using Pinterest irritating .
This app needs work it could be a great app but keeps closing itself out ! !
I can get back on , but it would be nice if it didn t close .
There are so many awesome things that you see , and if you need a home Remedy for something just search it an it will come up with at least 10+ things !
s Dojo , I can t even sign up .
Also the comment section on a pin has no where for me to not_post the not_comment .
The makeup and hair ideas are terrific .
But having it at the tip of your fingertips is wonderful especially if you re explaining a craft or something you saw on Pinterest you don t have to print it out .
Not only is it the perfect app to waste the time away when you are waiting in line or can t sleep but it is actually useful ! ! !
Pinterest is as useful as fun which is why it s nice for someone to have it handy to help with many things or you have nothing to do at a given moment .
App needs a bit of work ( like a did it button ) but overall this is awesome ! !
Now I only need to repin things and they are saved in my categories .
I love the variety of topics and items and creating my boards .
I would work on the save picture button because sometimes it doesn t work and I have to completely exit out .
If you aren t using this yet you are missing out .
Did it button would be a great idea or a way to provide feedback after you pinned ,
Fun to see everything on here , but it crashes occasionally for no not_reason .
I love pinterest , but I just did the update and it crashes a lot and won t let me see my likes .
I would like that if you want to add a pin to more than one board that you could just click on multiple ones instead of how it is currently having to add the pin manually to each board .
Sometimes the app crashes , but overall it works really well .
I love the improvements they have recently made !
It s how I create my `` Vision Boards '' .
You do not have to not_share not_all of your personal information ; the website/app allows you to interact with people like you through the pictures and videos that you post , and that s it !
You have a variety of people you can follow , and they only know what you are willing to put on the website/app .
Please fix this or tell me how to !
Could not have not_made it not_through planning a nursery or our house remodel without not_this not_app !
If you love arts and crafts and need ideas from time to time , this is the app for you !
Then we see how we can change what we ve seen and create our own cards using our own style .
The only thing I m missing is I wish there was a way to change your board covers from the app .
Pinterest is awesome and I love that it s available on my phone ,
Love this app can t get enough !
I would like to have a pinit button for my IPhone I only have it for my laptop .
I have made several items and enjoy sharing with others .
angelik1337 , I will try to log in and it doesn t go anywhere .
I love sitting and \\nbrowsing through all the cool ideas that are out there .
I use this to plan parties , decorate my house and find cute crafts .
I love the idea of Pinterest , but there does seem to be some bugs to be worked out .
Hopefully , these are problems that can be fixed .
It is a great concept , just has a way to go to get things humming along really well .
I loved how you could close the initial window by the swish of my thumb and was sad that it is gone now : ( ,
Be aware you will spend hours on this site !
Please make the ipad version like the iPhone version !
This has only been an issue since the new update .
Great app ... when I first got it the app crashed lots but that rarely not_happens not_now .
Once you try out whatever you pin you can edit & amp ; say whether or not it not_turned not_out well .
\\nBut I would like to see more on horses , tame & amp ; wild .
Just love this app ! !
It has a variety of different sections , whether your a tech guru or history buff ; want a little humor or you want to know how to get those dang azaleas to grow in your front yard , Pinterest is the place to look !
This app needs a lot of tweaking before it will be as good as the actual site .
If that one problem could be fixed it would be perfect ! ! ! !
I have made a few dishes this past week .
I never have not_any not_problems with Pinterest on my phone !
The only problem I have is when I m using it on my iPad in safari , sometimes I can t scroll to the board I want .
There is no not_problem with it not_whatsoever , you can pin other people s pins and pin ur own pins .
Highly recommended app .
I wish this could be fixed .
Though I do wish there is a `` did it '' button ( not my not_idea not_I saw it mentioned in another review ) it would be nice to show people how it turned out .
I wish there was some way to get notified if you ve already pinned something , but not not_sure not_if there s a way to do that .
Need a button that you can say you did it ! ! !
If you want to know how to do something , anything , Pinterest can help ! ! ! !
4 stars only because there is still no way to not_arrange not_pins on a board .
Please help us with that .
You must try .
Glitches need fixed ASAP .
Also I like what another reviewer suggested with the `` did it '' option , it would be cool to see others completed works as well as post my own .
It s like an app library full of things to learn and have access to later when you need them .
I also like that the recently pinned boards are available for quick access .
It would be nice if there was a search bar on the followers/following page to look up people you follow quickly .
What can you not not_love not_about this app ! ! ! ?
I just LOVE it ! ! !
Can t stop searching , scrolling , reading ! ! ! ! !
I think I like it better than the online one because it has suggested pins which are really easy to find and move around in without not_loosing your not_place .
Recent version seems to have fixed the issues I had previously .
It took me a minute to figure out how to use the app but I love it now ! !
I use it all the time everything I need can be found on Pinterest !
I highly recommend it to anyone out there !
It would be great if there was a part of the pin to check off once you tried the recipe or did what you wanted to with the pin !
A lot of fun , used to crash a lot but I think that s fixed now .
The one problem I have is that it crashes when I try to move pins from one board to another .
I just love this site .
It is very interesting and good ideas .
All the things I have wanted to do , didn t know how to do or never not_dreamed of not_doing , are right here , literally at my finger tips !
I wish you could go through pins easier instead of clicking on one and going back to see the next one .
For example , I know I pinned a certain recipe , but I have to scroll through hundreds of my pins until I find it .
Just love it .
Don t want to pass on recipes , ideas that really need to be put to rest .
I would also like to see a tried it button that would allow you to add comments about things you ve tried .
June 2 evidently , a recent update requires approval to allow Pinterest access to personal FB data when linking to Pin from a FB post .
\\n\\nSince 5/13 update , app crashes when transferring from FB to Pin on iPhone 4 .
Quest 3737 , Also wish you could limit certain people from finding you ,
Tends to crash frequently , but not not_sure not_if the issue is my iPod or the app .
One of the best apps you could ever download ! !
I agree with a previous reviewer that Pinterest should add a `` did it '' button or column , etc .
\\n\\nI haven t had any problems with the ap on my phone .
My friend Jillian got me hooked on Pinterest and I must say it is a great thing .
You name it , it is here .
I love this app I have to time myself on it , because it is so addicting .
I agree with another writer ... .you need a `` I DID IT '' button .
I only wish that pins that no longer have the not_blog or not_tutorial attached would be removed .
So annoying when you have to go through so many screens only to be told the information you re looking for is no longer not_available .
Still love it , still ADDICTING , so inspiring ... ... ... .but the app constantly crashes on my iPad .
Sometimes doesn t let me post pins , gives error message but other than that it s great !
But it closes unexpectedly for no not_reason not_sometimes that could be improved .
I wish there was a way to refine your search for a specific group instead of all of Pinterest .
There is always room for improvement some of the largest fixes I would suggest : ability to search within my own boards .
The side bar will pop out , or it will randomly take me back to the home page , or crash all together .
I highly recommend it to everyone !
OHEMGEE I live this app so much there s soooo many things to choose from things that I had no not_idea that not_was even on there is there wheeee I am soo amazed with this app ! ! !
Like I said previously , good app if you need to kill sometime before an appointment or meeting .
good app if you need to kill about 30 minutes waiting for someone or something .
Crashes , freezes , Can Not Load Data , issues are a constant !
Hope they are able to fix these issues since Pintrest is a good app to use when you are bored or have a wait for an appointment or meeting .
I love pinterest but I think we should be able to pin more than one photo at a time .
The many inspirational sayings/quotes and gardening ideas are just fun and encouraging .
\\nMy only problem is that when I try to save a photo to my camera roll it sometimes freezes or crashes , so please fix that !
Works great , I have not not_had not_any problems with this app ! !
I ve never not_had a not_problem with the functioning I this app and its super easy to navigate through .
It s a great idea and works well !
I am also having a horrible time moving my boards , I use to drag and drop and then lock changes , since you reformatted it that unlock and format option has been removed by simply drag and drop without not_having to not_unlock and lock formatting .
Haven t had any problems using this app .
I want to know how to edit board covers on the pinterest app .
Please make this available to the pinterest app also .
I think this is a great app it works there is no not_problems and it not_is pretty cool ,
I had to delete and reinstall this app because it was taking up TWO AND A HALF GIGS on my phone .
Pretty sure the next to last update crashed my iPad .
Wish there was a way to sort in each category so you could ignore certain pins nail art , wedding gowns , etc .
I love that you can easily view all your boards and that the pictures are big so you can see what you want .
Everything you could ever think of is here .
Although there are a few small problems most are unnoticeable and don t heavily affect you .
If a pin says `` how to '' or `` do it yourself '' I expect to be directed to a link that has the steps , not just a not_picture not_from tumbler .
I can t stop looking .
There are a few issues but it is getting better !
I think that the app is great I love all of the recipes and wedding ideas but it freezes a lot , websites are usually not not_available or not_labeled as spam and the app just shuts down at times .
Major issue is the fact that the page won t rotate on the iPhone ... .other than that I love it ,
`` Something from the grill , but first let be pin and read all the pins about cleaning the grill , how to efficiently light it , whether I should use charcoal or gas , etc .
I think I may need Pinterest rehab !
\\n\\nPinterest needs to find a way to get around that or a lot of users are going to bail .
I have not not_had not_any problems with this ap either on my iPad or iPhone .
The only `` problem '' I have is the hours that seem to pass unnoticed while I am on this ap .
how did I live ever without it not_?
WHY , oh why can t this app work more smoothly ?
It s right where I posted it when I need to refer to it !
This app is perfect for pinning on the go and provides a super easy reference when you want to recreate that recipe or project you pinned weeks ago .
For example , I like to pin my travel stuff chronologically , and if I find a pin for a place long after I ve pined a bunch of other tuff , it would be nice to be able to move it to a cluster of like pins .
So addicted I need to go to a meeting about it !
My only complaint is that the current iPad app crashes my iPad every time .
The app works great and has improved a great deal through time , but to get that last star it really needs a bulk editing tool and better customer support !
I wish you could create sub folders .
Iphone app crashes occasionally but the new updates are great !
It recognizes if you accidentally post the same thing twice and the similar posts at the bottom are awesome .
\\nSeriously , you can swipe downward on your mobile device forever and the pins just keep coming .
Only problem is it crashes sometimes ,
There are a few issues .
It takes FOREVER because each time you have to reload the 400 pins you ve already looked through .
So many wonderful ideas , pics that are so Beautiful , and ideas that are great !
I can t stop xD ,
I love that you can have your boards and pins with you , and available to you wherever you go .
You can find ideas on how to do anything ! !
Just link it through the app ,
If I need help or an idea it s the first place I go .
The key is that you can upload your own pins .
I have never not_had a not_problem with this app and find it a great tool when I am in the craft store and know that I have forgotten something but can not not_remember not_what exactly ,
Do not not_use not_much more ... .crashes .
Also , pin removed from private board as inappropriate and I don t know what the issue was .
The only problem would be that it doesn t always save item I liked , but other than I would recommend it .
I can t pin without my not_blood not_pressure going up !
Love the idea of this app but it crashes constantly .
The latest update made significant improvements to the UI and stability of the app .
I check Pinterest for solutions to common problems ( IE : How to clean crayon from walls ) , and I check it for motivation and inspiration ! ! !
What did we do without not_Pinterest not_before ?
Or maybe it does and I haven t seen how to do it .
Lately the app has been crashing a lot and I really don t like the new layout for picking a board .
This is a great app except for it crashes on occasion .
JLD773 , The first 5 6 pictures load fine then after that I don t get the pictures just the text on the pins .
So please fix this .
Definitely recommend it .
Don t have the crashing problem that others have .
There are so many good ideas .
I have created so many things and learned so much with this app .
I seriously have a problem !
What happened to my scroll to top ?
Please put it back .
My only complaint with this app is that once I get started , I just can t stop !
Would love if there was a pin button available on my phone , but other than that great !
Since its just failing on my one device I ve reinstalled thinking that would solve the issue sadly no not_go .
Please fix what ever is going on that prevents it from working on the iPad .
Bugs : it `` crashes '' every once in awhile and spontaneously closes the app and then it `` freezes '' other times and you have to manually close the app .
I d definitely recommend this app .
Has really good info and all types of tips and how to videos .
Meb233 , Great ideas are buried in here ... .just don t let yourself get too consumed !
I can t stop .
Only complaint is that there is an issue when I go from my suggested pins in my email to Pinterest ? ! ? !
I love how I can look up my latest pinned recipes while I m shopping or just browse the site in an easy to see format !
I wish there was a way to block all cupcake recipes from my home page .
The only down fall I found is you can t refresh the page .
Highly recommend it to anyone .
I love Pinterest and this app , but I really wish the search function were better , that you could search within categories and just have more options .
Works smoothly and they finally added push notifications .
Would be nice to know if the comments are from the original pinner or repinner though .
The only thing that would make the ipad app better is if it could have the same `` like '' set up as the iPhone app where the like is right in the pictures as you re scrolling thru instead of having to click first and then like .
This app has provided me so many ideas that I have shared with others .
I love it , but when I find a pin I want to know more about , it randomly pops me out .
I only wish that the pictures could be zoomed on to take a closer look or to read the print .
Never fails .
Ladies love it and can spend hours pinning all the stuff they want to have , do and eat ; ) Once you start , you can t stop .
Awesome app ... .if I could only have 1 app , this would be my choice .
I have a problem with this app .
I want to try so many things and buy what I need then run out of time .
The recipes are our favorite and have made my husband a bit of a techie .
Love the app can t live without it !
But this app is really buggy and crashes every time I use it .
That s a good and bad thing I guess !
Anything I need ideas on or suggestions I find it on Pinterest .
TitaAriana , Use it all the time , especially when I m at a store and need to buy ingredients/or anything for what I m gon na make .
Put it back , please .
Still it crashes all the time and when I want to buy so , etching it is so hard .
I have never not_had a not_problem with this app .
Thank you , people who created Pinterest , and everyone who uses it , too !
I m in a village in Uganda with no not_access to not_magazines , HGTV , Foodnetwork , etc . but I don t need them !
I m addicted to Pinterest , just ask my husband .
Great ideas are there for so many things !
I wish there was a way you could import pictures with the app .
Full of beautiful images which have added depth to my visual memory and my physical descriptions as a writer .
What else needs to be said ? !
Please fix this !
I need it to be fixed ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I do wish there was an easier way to search our boards instead of scrolling all the way thru .
By far the best thing out there , the only problem is addiction ! ! !
If I need an idea it s on Pinterest ! ! !
Can t tell you how many hours of my life I ve frittered away on this darn app , but they re completely worth it !
Apps are not not_perfect and not_I respect the fact that the Pinterest team works constantly to update and enhance it .
, I have had no not_issues with not_glitches or any other problems .
If you are looking for something specific , chances are you ll find it , or ideas for it , on Pinterest !
You MUST get this app !
My only problem is when I m in the middle of looking at a pin pinterest will shut off and I have to reopen the app and the pin I was about to repin is gone .
Best app to find anything and everything you need !
Looking forward to the App having more functionality added like the website .
If you need someone to test new features in UAT , let me know !
There are so many great ideas !
\\nIt would be nice if there was a way to add a link to Pinterest and have it create a pin .
\\nA friend finally talked me into in when she posted on Facebook there peanut butter & amp ; jelly popsicles she made for her little boy !
Never crashes .
New way of having `` home '' be only the people you follow is nice .
Can t stop getting on it ! ! ! !
Pinterest is awesome and addicting but the new update continuously crashes hen you try to use it .
I like the app but It crashes constantly on my older IPad so seldom use .
The only problem I have with it is that it crashes sometimes when I try to open a link on its built in browser .
It does crash a lot ... not not_sure not_why ... but the amount of great stuff on Pinterest makes it totally worth the random problems .
Love the app , crashes way too much !
This is an app that you HAVE to try .
It s easy to use and I have no not_issues with it !
As a new farm wife , the helpful hints and ideas for meals , decorating an old home , and gardening are amazing .
Please fix that .
Always find what I need from recipes , stuff to do with the kids , home and garden it s here !
Waiting rooms need great distractions that can take our minds off of the wait and drop us into a better place .
This application provides excellent ideas .
I just love it !
I just love this app .
I just love this app !
Anything and everything I am interested in can be found here !
Love this app , but it crashes often .
I ve gotten so many amazing ideas and I ve made two of the recipes ! !
If you re pinning via mobile you need this app .
It needs a few minor improvements but it s a hell of a lot better than trying to use the site through your browser .
A lot of my old pins are missing ? ? ! ! ! ! ! !
Always has whatever I need ,
It closes or crashes when I click on the app .
Not sure why , I ve tried closing all open apps , but end up having to open it through the web browser instead of directly through the app .
everything you need or want in ONE place , AWESOME !
I ve been using it for months and it has never not_crashed !
Love this ap I recommend it .
Extremely addictive but the best app you can have in your phone !
No way to post to facebook and the alphabet on the right is gone to be able to jump down my list of boards when pinning .
Very nice change , I use it every day and have never not_had not_any issues .
If you like art , history , science the world and people then this something you need to take the time to explore !
\\nThe bottom line is I just love it !
Just love this app !
Occ malfunctions and I just close it out of the memory and reload .
It s ALL HERE .
Almost anything you d want to view is here .
Ideas are awesome ,
Everything I could ever want to know or make can be found here .
Everything you need to know and want to find in this app .
Love seeing what others are creating .
I tell all my friends and family , we can t stop pinning !
SHBax , Haven t had any issues .
I love the ideas and the ease with which I can use the app ,
Never had any major problems .
When I need to find creative inspiration , this is my favorite !
You need to download this app if you are a Pinterest lover !
I write and ideas are so easy to pin for inspiration .
It s like having a scrapbook for each every thing you love you can add to forever .
Never have any issues with the app .
I have never not_had not_any problems with this app .
I just love Pinterest !
Fabulous application , I recommend it to anyone to enjoy .
Whether its fashion or activities ... this is a great idea !
I don t think you can delete a board if you add a new one , but it s still great !
Don t plan any event without it !
I tried to resist , but it was too much for me .
The only issue is there wasn t anything that I would call nudity .
There are so many creative ideas out there , That I could spend hours on this website .
There s nothing you can t find on Pinterest !
It has crashed on me a bunch of times today .
Please fix this .
Please change that !
bujutsu , Just get it and start the obsession and addiction .
My only regret is that I can t figure out how to change my home screen topic ( some kind of scenery or something ) .
I still recommend it ! ! !
New to it wish I knew how to work within the site .
Highly recommend it .
I have no not_problems , and not_I love it .
I love the concept , the photos , the visual combined with the personalization ... .but see above in the title .
They need to fix them because it really is an amazing app .
Good app for all the ideas you need !
If you don t have an addiction problem .
The whole Pinterest idea is great .
There is just one little problem : my iPad sometimes crashes it if I click , say , a very long pin .
The only way this app could be better is if all my pins magically happened .
I literally spend hours pinning I m sure I have a problem but atleast it s legal lol ,
Do not not_like not_this !
It has everything I need under one roof .
It used to always crash before ,
I use this on my I pad , and sometimes it stalls and it crashes a lot .
It was a great tool to help me plan my wedding .
Can t deny , Pinterest is great and No bugs on the app !
They have so many amazing ideas that I can t stop looking .
I don t have any problems on my iPhone 5 and I love using it ! ! ! ! !
Great app , able to access on my iPhone when I am at the store to see what I need for a recipe .
So amazing ... get great ideas for how to use the items I already have in my closet ... and home .
I find it amazing that all these people have come together to share their ideas and show you how to do it .
Learning the Latest styles , foods to try , how to do things yourself .
\\nI do have problems with it crashing a lot .
\\nBut I highly recommend pinterest ,
\\nI need to put down the phone and do something productive or actually make the `` future projects '' instead of clicking repost .
Just pick a catagory and go !
If its not not_there not_create one .
At times it does crash but very addictive ,
I hate the new feature that gets in the way every time I try to take a closer look at a pin .
I love wasting time just surfing things I find funny , interesting or fashionable .
But I really have to say when I moved home , downsized and decorated/organized my new room , this site was a huge help .
With everything from packing to paint colors and how to maximize small spaces I referenced my pins countless times .
It is really annoying and needs to be fixed .
Only wish there was a way to edit posts .
Suddenly I can t connect via Facebook .
DAYLE ANN , There isn t anything I can t find on this app that isn t helpful .
Just closes out a lot recently .
Hard to get out of following people you don t necessarily want to on phone app , but maybe you can and I am just not not_able to not_figure it out .
Just tipping the iceberg of pinterest and loving it so far ! !
Some trouble with crashes , but overall a great app .
Last update added a `` scroll down to see related pins '' over individual pins so you can t clearly see what you ve clicked on .
But please take away the box that appears to tell you to scroll down to see related posts .
But WHY is the app so huge ?
Seriously they need to work that out .
Only problem is its so amazing you can easily forget about getting anything else done .
The only issue and it only happens once in a while is that sometimes when I click on the recipe or whatever , it doesn t go to the link .
It just has a blank page on my ipad .
Love looking at the great ideas that are on here .
I love how easy it is to find what you are looking for or just to browse if you don t know what you are looking for ! !
cburkebear , I love pintrest and use it all the time , but I can t stand when you click on something to view and a box always comes over the picture saying `` scroll down to see related pins '' ,
AhazelAshley , It likes to crash a lot .
s ipod , This is an awesome way to learn how to make things and create stuff ! !
This is a really great app my only problem is , is that I have a 16 gb iPhone and it was taking up over 5 of that .
Pretty good app , just freezes up an wont load all pictures sometimes .
It s so handy to have all my pins available on my phone !
Braden leek , Pinterest is my go to for everything , it always gives me what I need and want .
I just love Pinterest .
Pinterest is even how I learned how to cook .
I would try a recipe , and then if it didn t taste good , I had to fix it .
It does have problems of crashing though , and it isn t as robust as far as features and editing like the pc version .
Would give it 5 stars except it occasionally crashes , won t load and says no not_pins not_available which can get pretty annoying ,
App sometimes crashes frequently .
I only wish that if clicking on a pin takes me to a dead end there would be a small `` notice '' under the pin saying that only this picture is available to post and there is no longer not_instructions or not_recipe for this post just so I can be aware and expect that and not not_click on the not_post then get disappointed .
however they added this `` scroll down for related pins '' box and it gets in the way of actually reading the pin .
Once in a while it crashes but that s probably because my phone is JB ,
I love this app , I have never not_had a not_problem with it .
I m gon na need more hours to do all the things I pin !
I highly recommend it .
Now I need a therapist to help my with my lack of followthrough on all the diy !
Try this app out and I believe you ll find something that makes you smile and makes your day .
I have made lots of great things for friends and family .
People started posting stuff I didn t care for on my walls how to get rid of those ?
It will occasionally crash and sometimes not not_let me not_see my boards .
I just live this app .
If ever there was a person that needed a virtual file cabinet , it s me .
Now all my ideas , interests , & amp ; inspirations are all in one place .
I really like this it helps you be more creative and inspire you to do things your self more ,
Also , I m so glad Pinterest recently added a celebrity category ; I think I speak for many people when I say that I don t go to photography looking for paparazzi pictures !
Very annoying , please fix ,
The Only Thing Is That It Crashes Once In A While !
This just makes sense .
It has it s glitches but what do you expect from technology ?
It will close on me every now and then .
I just love it !
It crashes a lot !
I have planned three holidays , a birthday and now Mothers Day from pinterest .
Forgot password button n/a means I can t login without not_resorting to the not_full website .
Please update your app .
Love Pinterest and would love to have these issues fixed .
Bummer cuz you can t see the picture .
The app does everything I need it to do .
Love this app does what I need it to do .
Crashes every so often but who doesn t love Pinterest ? !
Never had any issues with it .
I have no not_problems at not_all and actually use it much more on my iPhone than on my PC .
What did we do before Pinterest ?
It needs to turn side ways ! !
I just love this site and app .
Just love it !
I love this app & amp ; never have not_problems with it ! ! ! !
Luv to look at all kinds of things and also learn how to make or do things ?
I truly love it ... but I gave it only 2 stars because it continues to crash constantly ... .on my iPad and on iPhone .
Please do something to fix or tell me what I m doing wrong !
Rarely has it ever crashed unless I m scrolling through pins at warp speed , which was sort if a personal test for `` shats '' and giggles .
I have had no not_problems with not_this app .
Sure it crashes every once in a while , but no more not_than not_any other .
Also , the program sometimes can not not_pin and not_item and crashes .
It makes me wonder if men created it so women would sow and cook more .
Just love it .
You can find anything and everything you need , right at your fingertips .
\\n But it crashes every once in a while ,
It s great to find new ideas on how to make something into amazingness ! ! !
The pop up would be fine if it would go away or you could close out , but it s right in the middle of the screen .
I like pining things that I like n have made some of those ideas .
The only problem is that it s hard to get off it , haha .
And sometimes , the site or directions you go to have nothing to do with the picture you clicked on .
I do agree that it would be nice for it to let you know if you have already pinned that to avoid duplicates !
Not like any other app where ppl just take pics of themselves !
It s great for passing time on the go and accessing your pins when at the craft or grocery store and wondering what materials or ingredients you need .
I like that you can search the same way you can when on the full site .
\\n\\nI wish you were able to comment when you pinned using the app .
Otherwise , you can not not_manually not_add a pin .
The only complaint I have is it will sometimes close on me unexpectedly .
It really is a one stop shop for all I need to find online ; ) ,
It helps me plan meals and satisfy my need for funny pics and random facts .
I would like to see reviews on each pin though .
However , a ton of errors , & amp ; crashes alot !
Works well haven t had any issues so far I ve been using it for a few months now !
Im hoping to be crafting soon : ) ,
I haven t had any problems with this app .
I ve never not_EVER not_had an App that crashes like this one .
without it not_crashing , not_turning off , and it just takes me to my main iPad screen of Apps .
I recommend it to everyone !
I adore this app and it never not_crashes for me not_anymore .
Very addictive and I recommend it to everyone I talk to !
My friend and I can stop something new and exciting comes up we have to pin it so we can show each other what we found .
If I didn t have this app my house would still be lifeless and I wouldn t know how to cook !
I just love it ! ! !
I still love Pinterest but I can t stand when I click on a picture that thing comes up saying scroll down to see related pins ,
I love making these boards and being inspired by those that I follow but every time you try to check something out you have to sign up for a new website and get bombarded with a zillion emails per day ,
Surely you can figure out how to fix this problem as I am not the only one not_this not_happens to from reading other reviews ,
I can do everything I need to from my phone .
Only problem is that it keeps crashing on ipad when I go to a pin and open it ,
Who has time for ANOTHER app , right ?
How did I live before Pinterest ?
I just downloaded the update and I HATE it ! !
Never have any problems with app .
We re planning to build a house and could use all the ideas we can find .
I recommend the site for others .
\\n ( Also great to look at the Humor stuff when you need a good laugh ! )
My only issue is they need a real iPad app they allows us to post exactly like we do via desktop .
Love Pinterest but this app needs some work .
It would also be nice to be able to edit URLs in pins you ve already created for example when you notice you ve repinned something that s just a link to a picture .
This app crashes on me sometimes , 4 stars .
I definitely recommend it .
Seriously , Pinterest , what made you think adding a notification in the middle of our viewing area was a good idea ?
I am a first time user and just tried my first recipe which was the cup cakes with the Misquote wine .
I made 12 cup cakes and decorated the with fresh picked blueberries in a smiley face to celebrate me getting done with my six chemo treatments and what a hit .
I just love this app !
I just love this APP ! ! !
I like the camera function within the app , allowing me to post my own pix .
Kept crashing on me but now it s a great App !
Between all of the recipes , creative ideas , and makeup tips and tricks everyone should have Pinterest .
I will not not_allow not_myself on Pinterest before bed !
Mind goes a million miles an hour and can t sleep !
I also like that you can report bad sites & amp ; they notify you if you try to visit them .
I just love the iPad version !
Easy to use and great to be able to get ideas of things you can use ! !
So far I have not not_had not_any problems .
Would give 5 stars but it crashes quite a bit .
Don t need a magazine for inspiration as there s more than enough on a daily basis .
I use the recipes to plan our weekly meals too .
But what is this new scroll down to see related pins thing ?
If someone can t figure out how to scroll down without you not_telling not_them then they probably wouldn t have been clever enough to figure out how to have the app to begin with .
Plus , now I have to make so much crap now because thee ol ball and chain thinks that everything on here is just so freaking simple to make .
I just LOVE it ! ! !
Just wish they would update it and fix the glitchy things sometime soon !
\\nYou help me out when I need it most\\nTo find the perfect dress or make a delicious toast .
Once you start pinning ... you can not not_stop not_pinning .
There are a few bugs and it occasionally crashes but I love the concept .
If there is a way it doesn t seem obvious .
Can I just grab & amp ; drag either the board icons or at least a drop down list .
Good app does everything I expected .
I often need inspiration from others to kickstart my own creativity .
I have made changes to my menu and home because of wonderful things posted here .
What did I do without it not_before not_?
My daughter has made many things from all the ideas !
Never had any problems or had it freeze ever !
\\nHowever , the recent update has added a feature that has ruined my enjoyment of the app .
\\nIn addition , you still can t pin from a mobile device , except from your camera .
If you need ideas for any celebration , this page is the right one to steal ideas from others .
The only prob is lately about every 4th item I click on , it crashes .
But then you have to find your place , that s the biggest annoyance .
Other than that I just love it .
I suggest it to everyone , even w/the crash prob ! ! !
Please fix the constant crashing issue brought on by the latest update ! !
My only dislike is that you can pin the same thing multiple times to the same board .
I wish it would tell you that you already have it or something similar in that board .
I love the idea that I can look for educational materials for my staff and just email it to them from my iPhone .
I was having issues with it taking all the storage on my iPhone .
I contacted apple and they said to un install app that it is taking up way too much storage on iPhone they need to fix the app .
You can find everything u want on here , it s very addictive , I love it & amp ; on here all the time , lol , I ve never not_had not_any problems , So Rock on Pint tress ; ) ( ,
So glad I can use Pinterest on my iPod .
Can t stop looking at EVERYTHING on this app ! !
NEEDS a `` Share '' button so you can share pins with your followers ! ! !
I use it just about everyday .
A great app to browse when you re pondering a new project around the house , or when you need a laugh !
My only issue is that with my aging eyes I liked it better before the pins started showing up in columns side by side ,
Fantastic way to share and promote people s passions in life !
If I need any ideas for recipes to crafts to fashion to decor to gardening , this is the site I go to .
Just love the whole experience ! !
I only wish you could search within your pins .
I love this app when it doesn t crash or have trouble logging in , BUT I hate that the data and documents take up so much space and there is no way to not_delete it !
I don t understand why it needs to take up over 2gs of my space !
My only issue is that , as of late , the `` everything '' category has been extremely short lately .
I m confidently assuming that this is an app issue and not just for not_lack of not_post .
Has everything I need to look up !
This app is so much fun and very addicting but it crashes all the time , it s very slow at loading and , it always says `` We couldn t reach the Pintrest server '' wich is extreamly annoying .
Please fix it soon so I can enjoy this app agin !
I just love it .
Anytime you need a solution search for a pin !
Recently the app has been crashing and won t load pins .
Good app , I d recommend it to anyone ,
Easy to pin things on my mobile phone but sometimes it doesn t recognize a photo & amp ; u can t pin .
On the iPad the boards will load one set of pins and when you reach the bottom it won t load any more .
Please remove the scroll down feature !
I just simply love it ,
Hate it when it crashes , which happens fairly often .
I like that you can follow a whole bunch of new pins to different boards and never not_lose your not_original place .
I ve showed it to a lot of my friends and I also want people to know that .
\\n\\nWishes : \\nI would you could share and send pins to friends or maybe recommend a pin for someone .
It would be nice if there was an inbox in the UI so friends could send pins to each other .
Rather than being the number of likes I have ( as confirmed by the desktop site and iPhone app ) it just mirrors my pins number .
Why didn t someone tell me about this sooner ?
I haven t had any problems with it and I do almost all my pinning from my iPhone .
If you don t have one , you must sign up you don t know what your missing ! !
Unfortunately , though , it s got so much going on with it that it crashes my first gen iPad constantly .
This app is great and has provided me with many new recipes , DIY ideas , improved t wardrobe , planned my future wedding , and so much more with links !
This is amazing everyone woman needs this app ! !
I find it especially useful when I need a picture to help me or someone else do something ( recipes/haircut/creative project ect ) .
I think the Pinterest concept is 5 stars , but the app sometimes has problems .
Haven t had any issues running this app ,
If you have an addition problem this is not the not_app for you .
t create nick , Amazing\\nLove it !
Also , only 50 pins will appear and then the page ends please fix this ! !
I love this app , and recommend everyone to get it , use it , and pin it !
I just love Pinterest ! ! !
My only problem with Pinterest is that I m totally addicted to it !
I use it just about everyday !
You just need to please get rid of the arrow that reminds you to scroll down .
The concept of the social network is outstanding , but the app and the site have small bugs here and there .
I love this app is full of so much information and help I really recommend people to get it .
I highly recommend this app .
However , it seems since the last update , ( I never not_noticed it not_crashing much before , btw ) , now when I click on a category to explore , I get to the bottom of it in like 40 pins it seems .
Something I wish I would of created myself .
Its a good easy app once you figure out how to work it .
Definitely don t use this app if you have things that need done or places you need to be !
I want to know when someone has Liked , Repined , or Commented on my pins .
We need Push Notifications and Badges ! !
In less not_than a not_week I have made two recipes , pinned many interests and am following many .
They say most people are visual , isn t that also why they also say a picture is worth 1000 words ?
Thanks APP store for giving people an opportunity to explore options that doesn t require frustrating web searches ! !
I like having this app on my phone .
Once you start you can t stop !
I can use it whenever I want and it has all the functions I use .
There are times where I need to look back on a pin while I m out and about and I am able to !
Set an alarm ( with snooze option , of course ) if you have any real obligations to attend in your day post pinning !
The app crashes a little too often , but overall it is a great app .
There are not not_enough not_hours in the day to go through everything available and still get anything else done .
Love this site , but hate that it consistently crashes on my IPad .
Suspect it is the association with facebook , which also crashes often .
You can t make certain changes to your account with the app though .
you have to log in on a computer .
I like the app but I have barely used it because it crashes almost instantly when I open it .
Love the app , haven t had any problems with it .
I just can t stop searching for stuff .
Everything i need all in one app ,
The updates to the app have made a huge improvement .
Highly recommend it !
I give it five stars find so many interesting things can t stop looking at it ,
Love it highly suggest this app !
So glad they made improvements to functionality .
I couldn t have planned my wedding without not_Pinterest not_: ) ,
Although the app sometimes crashes , I ve often noticed that if I close my other apps it runs much smoother !
I use this every time I need inspiration to cook , clean , craft , or workout .
Wish more apps had a pin it button available in them ( I.e . Houzz app ) ,
I never have a not_problem with it .
I can find lots of ideas for anything I want / need to do !
and have actually made some recipes !
i love it and highly recommend it to anyone who wants to share their interests with others .
I didn t have any problems .
App works great , never not_crashes .
Never had an issue with the app version .
There are so many ideas I am hoping to try in many categories .
I think you could spend a day going through all the ideas that get posted .
Highly recommend it ,
Amsssss19426 , Remove the scroll down feature you can t see the picture of the pin any more .
I love Pinterest and I have not not_been on since that not_change was hoping to come back and it would be fixed but it s not not_: not_( ,
Overall , the app works good , crashed periodically , but rare\\n\\nMy biggest issue is that you click a pin to see it better and then a second later a box pops up that blocks what you were reading on the pin .
I just love it .
Never had any problems .
I see some folks have had some issues .
You can always find what you re looking for and more .
It s my go to when I need inspiration .
Lol TOTALY recommend this app .
Who knew so many different topics could be shared in such an organized manor .
It has crashed multiple times causing me to lose pins .
I would use it more often if it worked .
Everyone should have it ,
When I need ideas I look here , and find a multitude of options .
But I wish you could unpin items .
I can t think of anything I don t like about Pinterest .
Upgrades have improved operation a lot , but I would like to see some type of trigger added to keep multiples of the same pins from showing over and over .
Why would you block viewing a larger picture ?
Please please please delete this so I can give you 5 stars .
There are sooo many great ideas i wish i cld do them all ! !
You need to change this .
Putting a pin just on one board is not not_very not_flexible .
I actually use my mobile apps more than my laptop : ) I have not not_had not_any problems with either app it is a must for any pinner ! ! !
I spent over an 2 hours trying to figure out how to fix it .
The features are amazing but their tech team needs to fix the coding .
You don t need me to say it but they keep asking me to .
Now if I just had enough time to make/do/or buy all the cool things I have pinned .
One thing I can t seem to view is comments on pins .
REVISED : Still have same problems , but now my PinIt tab on my safari toolbar ( on my iPad ) will not not_work at not_all .
One of my favorite apps just need to learn how to verify my account through the app ,
Recipes and craft ideas are great .
It s awesome so many ideas that you can do .
I love the app but it crashes all the time ... Please fix .
It crashes right about when I m gon na click something .
Just love it !
Runs beautifully and never not_crashes .
I recommend this to everyone ! !
I just love this app .
I love this app but it crashes ALL THE TIME ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
When I m trying to pin something and then it crashes , I usually can t recover the pin ! ! ! ! !
I wish there was an easier way to edit and organize boards and a feature to tell you if you already pinned something .
What could be better ?
I can not even not_tell you not_how much .
And then you have to start at square one .
It would be better if the only way to get rid of the page would be to close it .
Just recently , when I go to repin the description box info that s filled with someone s previous description it s all the way to the left of the box ( so it can t be read ) so I have to delete until the blinking bar stops .
What has happened ?
Never used to have this issue .
You can t tag people with the app as you can on a computer otherwise it s awesome .
Like the concept of Pinterest , but it frequently shuts down when I am trying to repin an item to my board .
I can use it for all sorts of stuff like getting fit and in shape , or hair styles and make up tricks , and redesigning my house , and I can also keep track of articles I read on the Internet by pinning them .
Love , love , love , just wish there was a way to `` clean up '' your boards , I ve accidentally pinned things to the wrong board .
Lol it would be nice to manage that better .
I am so happy they switched and you don t need Facebook to sign up .
Love if you need a idea for supper..just a click away .
I love this app , the only problem is that I can t seem to spend less not_than an not_hour a day on it .
Please provide a roll back to previous version option .
Please provide a way to opt out of it .
Completely addicted and absolutely love this forum for things , but would be nice for the phone app if you could re arrange your boards and change cover pics .
But app should have long pin it button at bottom when repinning something so both left And right handers can Repin with just one hand easier .
Only issue is I wish there was a way to search your boards more easily !
Like it better then just using my browser on the I pad but it crashes tons for me I can pin two or three things and then I have to open in it back up and start over .
Sometimes it just shows the headers and no not_pictures and not_I have to get off for awhile and try again but this is still my preferred method for pinterest on the iPad .
How did I live without it not_?
My only problem is that annoying black box that pops up and says scroll down for more pins .
I can t image there could be anyone , female or male , who couldn t find something to love here .
My husband even created his own account !
It is amazing how much you can learn from these tips and hints !
Was told by my photographer to go on this site to get ideas for my session and I did just that plus got soooo many more great ideas for everything !
I am getting rid of all my cookbooks because all , the recipes I could ever want are here .
It has more categories than the website and I love that you can have more than one board open at once and swap between them .
I now know how to make a Star Wars AT AT Bunk Bed ! ! !
The iPad app does close sometimes and does have some minor glitches but nothing you can t work around .
Only reason I didn t give it 5 stars is because when you find something that you want to buy , it is often no longer not_available for not_purchase .
\\nEvery one that lives these things needs this app ,
I like but it crashes a lot .
Do wish you could search within your own pins for what your searching for like a recipe .
It opens your eyes to some great ideas that you may not have not_thought of not_yourself .
\\n\\n**The only issue is each category only lists about 40 pins and won t load anymore .
Website is great but think it is stupid that it is acting like a Facebook with the fact that you can `` block '' people ! ! !
, I love this app , but it needs the ability to change text size .
This is the place to go to fill my inner cup when it needs a taste of beauty , inspiration , and a dash of hopes and dreams .
I highly recommend it .
There s so much to see , learn and gain from perusing through Pinterest s many photos and tips on how to do or make just about whatever you can think of .
Or how would I plan my wedding ?
I just wish they hadn t gotten rid of the like button on the general browsing screens .
I LOVE spending time looking on pintrest ... ... however , I don t like that my App crashes right when I am in the middle of researching something !
I Constantly recommend my friends to join all the time .
yet informative , learning about how to do so many thigs , and ideas ,
I can no longer not_upload my not_own pins by adding a link .
I have tried adding the bookmarklet per Pinterest instructions and it hasn t worked .
These seem to be things that should have been considered before rolling out the new version .
Awesome , addictive , can t stop pinning ! ! !
Pinterest has so many wonderful ideas , some I ve tried and others I can t wait to try .
Be careful , if you re a crafter or just love great ideas , you won t be able to stop .
The ideas are so inspire !
Everything I ever needed to know and even more that I didn t need to !
\\n\\nAlso still crashes , and having the same problems as others with the scrolling not not_being not_smooth .
Now I just need to figure out how to use it more efficiently for all the pins !
However , now there is an ANNOYING arrow right in the middle of the picture so you can not not_see it .
You have to go to the website in order to see the picture or recipe without the not_arrow .
This app is fantastic I have all I need right at my fingertips .
Which brainless wonder thought that was a good idea ?
Please Please Fix Soon ! !
I can quickly access my boards while I m getting ready to get ideas on how to do my hair ... and that s just one awesome way I use it !
I can use it at the store if I can t remember what goes in a recipe .
But just get the app it s amazing ,
Please make an `` I did it ! ''
I think everyone should download it ! ! ! ! !
I love Pinterest , but sometimes it s really slow and sometimes it will just close on me .
I would still rather use everything from a normal computer , but as far as this app is concerned I think it works just fine .
I have by far made a few thousands and it feels great too .
Download the app try it yourself and type in `` liibii1992 '' as the person who referred you and receive $ 2.50 ( 250 points ) just for signing up .
Haven t had a problem !
This app has come a long way , the iPad one needs an update to be like the iPhone one though .
Just a problem that it often crashes and that is very annoying .
Only wish there was a way to comment on things after you ve made them/done them so others could know what you thought .
The only issue is the site constantly crashes .
I find what I need !
I don t suggest getting it If you don t wan na get utterly addicted !
Easy to use and find everything I need !
U need to be able to delete more than 1 pin at a time .
\\nY\\nI love that you can create your own boards to organize the images .
This was the best app I could have had while planning my wedding .
Ease get rid of it or at least tell me how to get rid of it if possible .
I am having issues now that I updated because after I click on the article , the scroll down to see more pins like this one pops up and I can t see the item I wanted to look at .
As aggravating as it is to not have it not_when not_I need it , it s usually not a not_huge not_problem and works fine .
1day I was on it for a couple of hrs.thanks so much to whomever created this site .
App crashes a lot , especially when loading big images .
The bad thing is it crashes A LOT ,
But app crashes a lot .
I have to log in once a week to search and get ideas on the topics i love most , and I just love the email updates .
Some of our boards have thousands of pins and it is difficult to find a specific pin that may have been pinned quite a while back .
Do not have to not_do that in not_iPhone ap .
That just stinks ! ! !
App still crashes .
Only problem is how addicting it is , and the lack of sleep that goes along with that ! !
This is an amazing app that you can find tons of new things to enhance your life .
Maybe I just don t get it .
Like the ideas but can t get recipes , can t pin it .
Maybe I just don t understand how to work ,
just love this lots of ideas ,
Also , every time I open the app on my iPad 2 it tells me that my login failed and would I like to try again .
Please make this arrow go away !
I never have not_any not_problems with it !
How would I have time to utilize this wonderful site if I was still working !
It would be nice to not not_keep not_seeing what you have already pinned .
I absolutely love it , and DEF recommend it ! !
Why does the `` Scroll down to see related pins '' block the pin you WANT to see ?
that s all that needs to be said ,
Best way to use Pinterest is with the app on the iPad .
It would be nice if this app automatically started at the top , with the newest pins .
I am on it almost everyday , the ideas are endless .
I don t know where I d be without my not_Pinterest not_App , I can use it anytime I want ! ! !
I am planning my wedding , and I don t know what I would do without it !
I previously enjoyed Pinterest but now suffer through it because of the annoying `` See related pins below '' that pops up when I m looking at a pin .
I also love that on your iPhone you can double tap the pin and automatically routes you to the pinned website ,
The only problem is that it does crash often .
I have no not_issue with the not_site itself , but the app can be a bit frustrating .
Why can t we save to favorites for future reference ? ?
New version has bugs and loads SO slowly on the IPad .
It helps me cope with the fact I can t shop all the time !
Why do I have to write 6000 words ?
Lots of fun , never not_gets not_boring , but app crashes a lot .
Be warned you could spend days lost on Pinterest getting inspired .
I wish there was a way to automatically reduce double/triple pinning ... or a faster way to reorganize pins to new boards .
I love this app , I would rather use my Pinterest app on my phone rather than the computer .
Can you fix the bug that makes it freeze when we try to save a certain picture ?
I love all the ideas that are here I have found them very useful ,
Only problem on my iPad is that after a while , it closes even when I m trying to repin things so it s a little buggy .
This might be an iPad issue .
App is good ... crashes during busy times , and there seems to be a problem with pornography being in strange searches ,
I have not not_had not_any problems with it .
The only problem with the program is that certain punctuation does not not_translate not_properly in the comment box .
Stop adding `` features '' that no one not_wants not_( like silly the show more arrow everyone is ranting about ) and take some extra time on making your app fully compatible with all devices running 5.1 and up ... as you claim you already do !
It requires the Internet and does not not_work not_without it .
I have been working on losing weight and whenever I need motivation or good ideas , I can always check out pinterest and can always get something to help me out .
Please eliminate this feature .
It really spoils the experience you have created .
It s like a giant magazine for every subject you want to know about .
I highly recommend it !
It taps into every aspect of your life whether you re needing great workouts , recipes , home and garden , DIY or fashion tips etc. , etc..
Helping my sister in law planning her wedding and the ideas are incredible !
Sometimes it crashes though , which is why I only gave it three stars .
Seriously , there are ideas for absolutely everything .
Fashion , hair , makeup , crafting , home decor , sewing , cooking , gardening , and I m sure there is all kinds of stuff for men too , I just don t look for it ,
But now I can t stop !
Such a great app for long lines or anything you have to wait for , I can spend hours on this app !
Now I can use it when I m out and about as well .
The only problem with Pinterest is that it is addictive !
I just downloaded the app a couple of weeks ago , but I m loving it so far !
I ve had this app for a long time , but since the new update they ve added this nagging little pop up that I would love to see gone ! ! ! !
I just love it ! !
I love to pin , I love to try , I love to post ! ! !
My friends have the same issues .
I have to be in treatment for long hours and this helps me pass the time & amp ; I love it ! ! ! ! !
But it crashes all the time on my iPad .
I feel like something s missing ,
How did I ever do it without not_Pinterest not_?
Plus on the iPhone you don t have a way to pin from websites ... unless I just haven t been able to figure that out yet .
Everyone should have a Pinterest board !
I pin the sauce afterward , but I may never not_use it not_again because there s just too much good stuff out there to try !
Very helpful with most anything you need ! ! !
Doesn t seem to have any bugs .
It helped me plan my life ! !
I really just enjoy all of it .
I am very glad I did because looking through the different boards , and creating my own , has been a enormous stress reliever on days when I need to mentally disconnect from work & amp ; other task .
It seems that when I need an idea for just about anything I just turn to Pinterest and there it is !
Just bought a home and Pinterest is helping me with decor ideas .
What is the point of this ?
I wish there was a way to at least close it .
Then it s so easy to find my favorite things again when I need them for real life !
I love Pinterest but it will kick me out at times or doesn t let me access my pins , it will say not not_available .
Only problem is you start looking at things and an hour can easily pass before you know it .
So addicting and a perfect app/site to have handy when you have a couple moments in between things or just need some inspiration .
It s a nice app but it crashes all the time for me .
I can t stop pinning !
Everything and anything is here ,
The best place to go when you are bored and you need some crafting to do .
For a while it wasn t saving pictures properly but it seems that bug has been fixed .
This app is easy to use and I just love it .
I highly recommend it !
Fairly easy to use , could have better instructions on how to save Pins .
Someone said to give Pinterest a shot and now I m hooked !
Don t ever have any problems ,
Great when you need some ideas .
I highly recommend it .
Pinterest needs a search engine to specifically search topics , such as `` outer space birthday '' .
What happened ?
However there is bugs !
Pinterest has solved that for me and made an easy way to organize my ideas for future and current endeavors .
If you want a recipe or `` how to '' directions it is on Pinterest .
The only issue I have is with the iPhone app .
I would love something like this just as you have the Pin bookmarklet on the computer .
I just don t like the spam I used to get but I think you guys fixed that as I get more real ideas from searches rather than the same photo over and over again with no not_content .
the app needs some work .
My only problem is that is crashes occasionally I couldn t stand to give it any less not_than not_5 stars ! !
Now they need to have support groups for all of us who r addicted to pintrest .
Only thing that would make it better is if we like a recipe we could add it to a recipe card & amp ; print it later .
This way they are all universal & amp ; stored for us .
Absolutely love this app , however , frustrating when the app crashes and you have to start from the top when your searching a category .
How do you correct this ?
Sometimes I wish I new more on how to get certain things posted and how to make up some posts that have not not_already not_been pinned by someone else .
How do you make Pinterest better ?
I HIGHLY recommend at least a monthly delete and reinstall of the app until they address that issue .
I can find everything I want to know about using this app from craft ideas , to recipes to child rearing tips , it s all here !
Great app but it crashes a lot .
It has everything in the world so no not_matter not_what you are interested in you can find it on Pinterest ( : ,
Just love Pinterest !
App could use some improvement .
Pinterest should have a warning label : Danger Extremely addictive !
I can t stop looking for new things to try .
Not only does it give you a convenient way to browse categories , it allows you to do everything that you can on the normal site , save upload .
I recommend it for everyone .
In the future I would like to see `` sub category '' boards .
For example , someone who has a `` food/recipe '' board can create sub category boards for `` desserts '' or `` entrees . ''
Love all the great ideas and having a place to post and keep mine for future reference !
If you were gon na get any app you must get pinterest .
I m moving and am looking for ideas constantly to improve my new home .
But beware once you start I can garntee you will not not_be not_able to stop ! !
I have had it crash a few times , but I m sure they re working on it .
Nice app , but after browsing a few pages , it always crashes .
It s always crashing or doesn t give you anymore pins .
Would love it more if they could add the `` scroll to top '' option .
Great crafts and ideas it crashes alot though ,
If you use Pinterest on the web , you know what you re getting into .
Not sure how to make a pin but enjoy looking at them ,
This I a big help when you need to get some good ideas for any project .
I just love Pinterest ! ! !
I see what inspires others and what others have created and use it to fuel my hobby time .
I have no not_problems with not_crashes or whatever on my iPad 2 .
Just prepare yourself when you download it !
I didn t even think that Pinterest could be the problem until I looked at the memory usage in `` settings '' and saw that Pinterest had gobbled up an astounding 6 GB ! !
Why does Pinterest take 1.1 gb of space on my phone ? ! ?
I would like to see a section that would show new additions or latest pins .
\\n\\nWhat I really like about Pinterest is that if you only have a few minutes , you can get ideas quickly .
You find ideas about things you didn t even know you wanted to know .
Best app ever just love it ,
Does what I need it to do ,
Yes I do actually go back and use my pins , and yes this app locks up or fails to load if my connection isn t strong enough handle loads of picture data .
Sure wish it was around when I was planning my wedding .
I was worried about copyright issues ( which I still think people should think carefully about ) , and I just wasn t sure it would be worth using .
I highly recommend it !
Haven t been able to use app since April 1st keeps saying I need to allow access w Facebook but FB says you have access .
Or am I missing how to do this ?
Why is that ?
How can you not not_give it that not_?
I m not even not_mad that not_I can t sleep at night because Im late to school with amazing comebacks off all the humor pins lol ! ! !
There is never not_major not_issues with the app .
I have made a lot of things from it ,
It offers great DIY projects , allows you to see beautiful things , and just makes you smile ! ! !
I highly recommend it ! !
Haven t had it crash on me like others have mentioned .
I use this app everyday and never have not_had not_any problems with it ! !
Kiera bhw , You can t pin just one !
I love Pinterest on my MiniMac , but it crashes on my iPad .
Please fix this !
Everything is very useful and I can t stop pinning !
I am on here everyday !
I loved this app , but now it won t open without not_crashing not_right away , or it s open for two seconds then crashes !
Be prepared to get hooked because it has something for everyone and once you start you just can t stop .
This app is awesome and keeps me entertained whenever I need it ,
My big problem is how often it crashes .
Another issue is the search isn t fantastic .
About anything you want to do , Pinterest will give you an idea of how to do it , so helpful .
And I love that you can search for things that you have in mind and its pretty accurate .
Only problem is the occasional crash , but still a 10 out of 10 .
Just check out my boards .
There are so many wonderful ideas on this app to enhance my life .
I didn t realize I could be even more addicted to an app than Facebook ! !
Always there when I need it !
The only thing it needs is to be able to invite people !
A create way to store and share ideas .
And it crashes too often .
My only tiny complaint would be I wish it would tell you if you have already pinned something so you don t end up with repeats of pins .
I do have problems with my iPad crashing when downloading picture .
App crashes a lot .
EVERYONE could have a use for this app .
It can be whatever you want it to be !
But there are sooo many good ideas ! !
App makes it easy to organize a plethora of ideas for whatever interests you and file into folders so where you can retrieve that idea when you need it .
It s basically all I used to plan the decorations for my wedding , and now I m using it for gardening and decor ideas for my new house .
This is a great app , I highly recommend it !
If you re a Pinterest addict , you need this app .
Can t stop pinning ! ! ! !
Highly recommend it ! ! ! !
Anything you need pinterest has got it !
Would only be better if I could `` search '' using keywords from the app and put a description for each board ( since people name their own boards ) so that if you come across a board that has things you like , it easier to know if that board has things you may want to see and pin ,
The ideas and tips are amazing .
I waste a lot of time looking though stuff that goes on my wish list or into I need to build that ,
trinitye , I find that the app crashes a lot or I ll be uploading a pic and the app will just close on its own .
I could get lost for hours on Pinterest .
Keiome Meadows Olsen , Sometimes it has a problem with loading , but other than that very addicting .
Everyone needs it .
The only thing I don t like is it crashes once in a while , but other than that , pinning is fun ! !
Also , it frequently crashes on me .
I sure hope these issues will be fixed in an update in the near future .
How could anyone not not_like , not_I mean love , this app ?
Highly recommended mind candy .
i highly recommend it .
My only critique is that you should be able to flip to the next pin in a folder more easily .
I absolutely love this app it s so fun and the best never not_shuts not_down never not_fails not_I love it !
I love all the ideas and creativity that you can find and share .
You can t help but smile !
For those of us who need visual stimulation this is the place to be !
I ve learned new outfit ideas , how to crochet and do crafts , get recipes , laugh at funny posts ... .it s amazing ! ! !
I am on here ALL day .
Has what you need for every area in your life .
If you have hours a day to spare , then this app will keep you entertained , if you don t , then you soon realize how over rated sleep is !
Whenever I need an idea pinterest always has the answer !
Never crashes !
I mean come on this is one of the most popular apps , it should not not_be not_having this many problems .
Please fix your I pad app .
Please give pinning a chance .
I just have one complaint ... it tends to crash more then a lot if you could fix that ; that would be great !
I really wish this app was better designed with the ios standards so it was usuable to those who require the voice over accessibility features .
I just love this app .
Just adore it .
Please fix it so I can be addicted again ! !
Definitely five stars because I haven t had any problems with it .
I just don t love how it crashes OFTEN on my iPad ?
Has great ideas and the ability to save and categorize them is awesome .
To learn remedies I didn t know and how to easily do so many projects is the greatest thing to me .
I love pinterest but I experience shut down at least once every time I try to use it ,
No more needs to be said !
I like the idea of sharing content , but they need a better filter .
It would be nice to create a master category and allow the user to create an alias or a.k.a . I lose interest after scrolling through a bunch of things that I really don t want to see .
If I ever need anything , or ideas for something .
Works great ... .until I want to upload a pin from my pictures on my phone ... .does not not_work not_AT ALL .
I am only giving this app 4 stars as it does crash on you I am pinning and having fun and all of a sudden it crashes .
Please fix this bug guys !
You will be on it and look up and think where did the last 2 hours go .
I have an ipad and my pintrest app has created many problems because it uses way to many GB .
I love how there are so many unique ideas for every aspect of your life .
Haven t had any crash issues with this app on my iPad .
The only thing I don t like about it , \\nis that whenever I m going to pin a picture it crashes even though my Internet is fine .
There is so much info and great ideas on here .
I get great recipes , ideas for new outfits , and a good laugh when I need one !
I think it s great to have Pinterest on the go ! !
This app has some interesting ideas that you can use in your everyday life , whether it pertains to crafts , foods , household items , etc. , this app is on the money ! ! ! !
Looks just like the computer screen .
But it d be even better if you could suggest a pin to a friend !
Tells you everything you need to know about EVERYTHING ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Little added content each day .
Was hard to figure out how to post on it but I enjoyed looking at everything that was posted .
Needs a `` how to '' button that explains the process .
I haven t had any issues at all with this app , and I use it ALL the time !
I m addicted and I can t stop ! ! !
I ve never not_had not_any problems !
Very rarely not_do not_I have problems with this app , it never not_closes and not_always displays the pics .
This app is a great place to get all kinds of ideas for anything you can think of ( food recipes to house decor to workouts ) easy to use and easy to save everything so you can use it later : D ,
Works just like the site and I have never not_had a not_problem with it !
The only problem is that it s so addicting .
Let me just say its so addicting I have been late for work not not_realizing not_what time it was cause my face was buried\\n in it ,
Everything you ever wanted to learn is here plus more !
Download at your own peril : it s so addicting , it should have its own 12 step program .
This is a great idea for a website and I use it all the time .
There s everything you need just a fingertip away !
Wish I could have a hard copy of every recipe I pinned ! !
I just wish it were a little faster when it was loading and didn t crash so often .
The app is constantly crashing .
Pinterest is amazing , but it crashes every time I open it .
I need to get some washing done !
uglyone2345 , The app has came far from the `` no more not_pins not_'' days , but it still needs improvement .
Especially when i can t sleep .
Just fix the minor bugs and five stars it will be ! !
I love the app , but on the iPad when you tap on a pin that you want to read , it shows an icon over the image that says `` Scroll down to see related pins . ''
There is not even a not_way for you to not_turn off the icon in the settings .
Please make it so the icon will go away after some time , or allow for settings so you don t have to see it , or just get rid of it altogether .
Please fix this .
Once you start , you just can t stop ,
I think everyone , even those who don t like social media , should have Pinterest it really changes your life for the better .
All a girl needs , Anything you ever wanted to know , and then some ! ! !
I wish you could make sub boards though .
My one down is not not_being not_able to really search the net and pin easily .
it just reminds me of how much I ve been pinning !
It would be heavenly and he would help me plan my outfit for the next 60 years/ plan our wedding/ feed me/ and then read a step by step on how to deliver our baby .
I have had no not_problems !
I love that you can search for specific things .
I need a 12 step meeting soon for this addiction !
I love Pinterest without a not_doubt not_but the app crashes and freezes a lot .
I need a..
Some links are no longer not_available , not_but for the most part , love this app !
I just love all these ideas ! !
This app really stepped up the game and made ample improvements !
this is just what I needed to refresh my designing skills !
Only problem is that it takes up too much of my time .
Just wish the app wouldn t crash so much .
It is the best , and I am constantly using at stores to get what I need to recreate all the amazing recipes , home ideas , and fashion !
Workout Nirvana , Seems crazy that you need another app to pin a URL in Pinterest .
I love this app : ) Never crashes !
The only problem I have is other people pinning stuff in the wrong categories but that isn t the creators fault !
It crashed then it said I have to sign in again ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Pinterest has always been addicting and now I can use it on the go , just as well as the desktop site .
Just love Pinterest !
papio31 , The latest update adding the ability to see what others pinned related to that pin is cool HOWEVER that stupid little gray square wont go away ! ! ! ! !
I know it sounds boring but once you play it , you can t stop !
Definitely recommend getting it !
I like the app just as much as I live the site .
I would tell anyone and everyone to , at least once , visit Pinterest .
& lt ; 3 it s helping me plan my new bedroom !
the bad part is that it s alway crashing and shuts me out the app..as soon as that s fixed it will b a 5star app .
I could get lost in Pinterest for hours .
Every girl should have it .
Every guy should use it .
The new update ( scroll down to see more ) blocks what you are trying to pin !
I haven t had any problems so far and I like the convenience of it being on my iPhone I love Pinterest !
However recently you have added a scroll down feature when you open a pin which I feel is very annoying .
Please get rid of the arrow ! !
It s fast and I have had no not_issues with it at not_all ,
Easiest way to find anything I need and more !
I just love it !
I wish there was an easy way to unpin though .
Rarely crashes and is easy to explore or view followers pins .
Happy crazy bird , You will fall in love with it as soon as you learn how to use the apps it easily could beat Facebook and has so much of offer .
The world is your friend who will share so many information about what interest you an off course you can add a lot of value to it by posting your view point .
Over the years I have bookmarked & amp ; jotted down sites only to forget them or not not_be not_able to find them .
I also love that you can like or comment on postings and share your experience with the topic .
It totally helped me plan my wedding and since I m a visual person I could look at several examples of ideas to get a better plan for how I wanted to do things .
Love Pinterest but app frequently crashes just when I get serious about a post , about to click the link and crash .
It rarely not_crashes not_now since April 2013 update .
I can easily look for specific remodeling ideas , share my ideas with the friends and family , and post the actual updates of the remodel !
But in the app you have to MANUALLY scroll back up to the top of the page to refresh .
I plan my meals from new recipes on here and find neat projects for the house .
I love Pintrest because it s so easy to use and provides an endless supply of creative ideas .
Creativity central , sharing and saving ideas has never not_been not_so streamlined and simple ! !
Pinterest gives me that little escape during the day that I need .
Awesome home ideas , never not_crashes on me , not_Great app !
Just don t like the crashes on the iPad .
Also , it would be nice if you could do all the things on the iPad that you can do at the website .
My cousin showed this to me a month or two ago now that I m planning my wedding I can t stop ! ! !
You can barely even see what you trying to look at .
The only reason I didn t rate the app 5 stars is because I have trouble with it crash closing on my iPod 4 touch .
Great but crashes every now and then .
Sometimes it is hard to log in and it crashes more lately .
I don t need an arrow that gets in my way when I m trying to look at something to decide if I really want to open and pin .
Is there a way to get rid of that arrow ? ?
It s kind of addicting , but it s a good thing .
It s great , simple to use but occasionally crashes .
Pinning helps me create my vision boards for my life .
I love it and I highly recommend it !
Sometimes it crashes , but for the most part , a great app .
I have learned new things and I have made many great meals from the recipes pinned .
But despite multiple updates the app crashes daily .
Only downside is that you can t scroll through your pins .
Still wish there was an easy way to pin websites that have to images .
It frequently crashes .
Just love the entire app .
Love that I can use the app on my phone !
App was crashing a lot though .
, Omg a dream board of life where dreams come true as long as you believe I posted a vw bug as one of my first pics and now I have one .
Really enjoy the `` how to '' crafts and recipes .
A little cumbersome to navigate and site crashes quite a bit .
We have already made several of the crafts and have about 400 more to go .
Best app you should so get it !
Just love it !
Super fun seeing what my friends and family post too .
This app as a lot of great things on it and once you start pinning you just can t stop !
I just love the innovative and interesting things that people post .
Never ever need a magazine .
I just love it ! ! !
So many ideas to help you be more creative !
The only thing that is a problem is when you try to create a new board the button is always grayed out .
So you can t look at the current pin without not_trying to not_see through or around the box with text .
I m a pinning junky and this app just gives me an excuse to do it more .
Covers just about anything you want to know and more .
Even though sometimes the app crashes it s still an entertaining app .
However , also wish it wouldn t crash as much & amp ; would update more frequently .
The only problem I have with it is that sometimes it closes up on me for so reason .
Problem is .
I m addicted ... now they need to make a Pintrest rehab app lol .
I just wish I could add pins to my boards from the Internet , and not not_limited to the not_pins other people have already pinned .
This App still has issues even with all the updates they do .
I love the info it provides especially for health and fitness .
I highly recommend it .
Sometimes crashes but overall pretty good .
Great app , never not_had not_any problem with it .
Please either delete that icon or have it disappear after a second or 2 .
Who thought it was a good idea to put an image right in the middle of the image I obviously wanted to see since I clicked on it ?
This app never not_fails me .
It provides inspiration on the go .
mizzSUZ E , App is convenient but has a few bugs .
Super fun great ideas can t stop ,
They update often and I have no not_issues with the not_app .
Can u believe my husband recommends it to all his friends ! !
So so many ideas we have already made a few items .
I have no not_problems with not_this current version & amp ; I love it !
Never had a problem and works just as well as the website .
I just wish pages loaded quicker .
Plus you can always tweak some of the things you find on here to meet whatever you want your own personal outcome to be .
Anything u could ever think of is here !
D1AuD , It s a good thing I m self employed and go to work when I feel like it !
You can laugh , build your dream home , plan a vacation , and look at the newest fashion trends all in one app that saves the ideas for you ! !
It s great except when it crashes or you can not not_link to the not_pin .
Love the content , but would love fewer bugs and crashes .
Haven t had any problems ( bugs , crashes ) .
\\n\\nWish I could add a pin button when searching the web on iPad .
Please fix this .
Maybe this will be fixed in future updates .
I just love Pinterest .
App seems to have fixed bugs that made it always force close ,
Lately when I ve used it though , the `` see related pins below '' box doesn t go away when I m looking at pins !
There are so many ideas .
I like all the ideas that you can share ,
I love the ideas , inspirations and photos , but sometimes I have bugs and the app shut down without not_reason .
The problem is that this app caches data from your hundreds/thousands of pins and slowly begins to take up space on your phone , slowing it down and reducing the space for anything else .
My app was taking up almost 2gb of space on my phone and the only way to clear it up is to delete the app and redownload it .
Please fix this ! !
I use it all the time and I never have not_problems with it !
The only thing the phone app can t do is successfully tag people .
IPhone Version\\nThis needs landscape view and the ability to zoom in on photos .
I find the app lacking in that I need to create a pin it button in addition to installing the app in order to pin information from a website .
Seems like a functionality that could be enhanced .
That s my only issue .
I love getting recipes and the humor , sometimes we just need a good laugh !
Now I can t stop really love the creativity of so many talented people : ) ,
Great app so is Pinterest only problem is it will sometimes close on its own with no not_warning and not_reset .
Great inspiration , easy to organize to use whenever you need it .
Great way to pinterest , except when I pin a lot , then the app tends to crash .
Great way to get new ideas as opposed to just using search engines .
I really like all of the pictures that you can look at !
This is really cool and great if you need an idea for different things !
I just wish you could somehow scroll your feed to the top by clicking on the red `` Pinterest '' logo instead of having to scroll up through every pin you ve just looked at .
10 minutes in Pinterest can easily turn into 3 hours ... ..unless your app crashes ... crashes .
Why am I always on here ?
Took me a minute on how to pronounce `` Pinterest '' but now I tell everyone .
Very easy to use , just like the site itself .
Now every time I use this app it crashes at some point ; sometimes even after a mere 2 or 3 minutes of being open .
The only problem I have is once I login , I am addicted !
I would like to select a topic and Pinterest provides all of the possible searches .
The only problem is that it often turns off on my iPad , right in the middle of looking at a recipe !
I definitely recommend getting it .
It s a great way to help my mom plan her wedding , and learn new and creative ideas !
You asked me to review , so here it is .
It crashes all the time .
The iPhone app also crashes and sends error messages .
Please update this needs to be fixed .
My only problem is it s too addicting !
Daily timeouts and crashes .
You can t go back to the spot you were at in a search when it crashed , so you lose whatever you found that you were trying to pin .
Love it lots but has a few bugs ,
If I ever need to escape to somewhere I ve never not_been , not_I know I can go there , get lost and no one not_will not_find me .
Only gripe is I can t figure out how to add my own pics , etc without a not_blog of my not_own : ( ,
Just wish my screen was bigger .
Their pictures are so beautiful and you can fin how to do pretty much ANYTHING on there .
I thought of more categories that could be added .
I love that there are so many ideas !
It crashes often or I need to try several times before it will open .
It would be better if you could swipe through the enlarged pins instead of having to go back to the board in between looking at them .
Either way , it s very addicting !
There are somethings I would like to see Improve though .
I just love it !
HollyCassaundra , Everything you need to make yourself , your home , your meals , and your kids FABULOUS !
Good app , I ve made so many neat things and learned a few tricks .
A friend of mine recommend this to me !
The developers keep improving on it and added the features that i wanted so I changed my review from 4 stars to 5 .
This app gives me life over and over again when finding new things or just learning something new .
So far I have learned how to eat and be healthy , got awesome decor ideas to my new apartment , and am learning a lot about history , thank you so much Pinterest pinners : ) I recommend this app to everyone ,
It takes for ever to load on my IPhone and it doesn t show me what my friends on Facebook post .
I can lose track of time just pinning away ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Only complaint is that it crashes and sometimes is difficult to get to the website that the pin originates from .
I like that you can find information on most any subject .
You suggest a person who has posted the same picture or movie and boom it s there .
Please change this .
I wish it would tell me what I ve already pinned as I find myself repeating some things .
I really recommend this app to anyone of any age over 5 .
So far it s been very addictive , entertaining , and a perfect place to go if you need an idea for anything !
I m having a hard time figuring out how to have that permanently linked to any website I click into .
It s so easy to find what you re looking for !
Hardly fails on me .
Only issue is that it crashes but then again so do most of my apps since my iPod touch is really old !
However it would be nice to be able to rearrange my boards in the order I use most to view later or have them in alphabetical order to be easier to find .
what else do you need ?
Now I just need to find time to do them !
Plus , you can t scroll down when you re looking at a single pin , so it s annoying ( 2 ) .
I can t stop pinteresting !
I do wish there was a way to reorganize the boards ( delete pins , move pins to a different board , etc ) that was simple .
My only problem is that it won t let me upload from the Internet .
So many great ideas , this is one of my favorite apps !
Never have issues with it !
Very useful app for keeping up with what people post .
The app seems to be buggy and closes on you , please fix .
Everything I wanted to know & amp ; more ! ! !
You now have to open the full pin where you didn t have to before .
Has minor issues sometimes , but overall , I recommend it .
This really helps me organize my creative thoughts and enjoy all the visual delights available ,
I love this app just like the website !
I love this app and check it daily , however I just got the new update and there is one new feature that is going to drive me crazy !
Very annoying , please change it !
I know there is a way to share , just haven t figured that out yet .
Just wish it didn t take up so much space on my phone .
I have an iPhone 5 , when I recently had the galaxy 3 this app worked great , perfect even , I m always on it , but this one will stay stuck on a picture `` downloading '' for hours , and eventually it results in me having to delete and reinstall the app .
Please fix the glitches .
Only issue I have ( and it could be user error and I just haven t figured it out ) is I can t have a `` pin it '' button for my ipad .
Definitely a neat way to find things that you love that you weren t even aware existed before .
The iPhone app has two problems though .
The last version before this didn t have these problems .
But the app crashes a lot on my iPod .
Education and wedding planning has never not_been not_so easy/imaginative !
Giving it 5 stars even though it crashes on me from time to time on my iPhone4 .
I like to think it s reminder that I need to get back to my life .
Please fix this ASAP !
You find all the best pictures ever here , you can also have secret boards and share them , or not ,
Thanks to all that `` pin '' please don t stop .
The app is great , sometimes it crashes , but if you open it again it works .
just a little annoying to search for things because you can t search categorically .
Lots of fun , but crashes sometimes .
I have a lot of fun just looking thru pins and get great ideas but it crashes all the time it makes me mad especially when in reading a pin ,
I need to attend Pintrest Annonymous ! !
I love Pinterest , but I hate the way the iPad app crashes frequently .
It crashes frequently though , not as not_much as it not_used to on my iPod touch 4th gen . But still a great app ,
What I was missing out on .
I love Pinterest but wish you could search sub categories under your search item ,
I don t like that the app freezes Alot when scrolling and you can t delete or move around pictures are your boards .
It would be nice to be able to do that .
There are so many good ideas .
Whenever I need inspiration I turn to Pinterest !
\\nHowever ... ... .it would be nice if it didn t crash CONSTANTLY !
Occasionally crashes when you try to pin something right after you click the `` pin it '' button , or when you re viewing something .
This should be looked in to .
fool , Love it a lot , but crashes on my iPad quite a bit .
Please fix this !
Would give 5 stars if it didn t consistently crash when using my iPad .
\\nI can t stop !
I wish you could view the pins full screen like in the photo app and use the standard swipe motion to scroll between pins .
If you ever need an idea for something I would suggest this app .
Everyone knows Pinterest can be addictive , well now you can browse anywhere .
Easy to use and when you click a pin , it brings up a nice big picture just like the site .
Repins are easy and the button to do so is easy to find , but adding your own original pins could use some improvement .
Without Pinterest , I would be so clueless on how to do hair , makeup , and other DIY s. In love ?
I will have enough projects to do till I die ! !
The only problem is a severe addiction to pinning !
Highly recommend it !
The ideas are awesome as usual , but I often get so frustrated with the app that I wind up back on the computer .
The app is easy to navigate and never not_crashes .
The mobile app is the quickest way to access my recipes if I forget something while cooking .
Now that I ve figured out how to use it , I m hooked .
It crashes on my iPad all the time which is really frustrating .
So easy to use ... have not not_had a not_problem opening the app or using it ... .love using this app ! !
Make sure you have a lot of time to spend here cuz once you start looking the time starts flying .
We also go camping n there are so many great ideas for family time !
And my future house and wedding are all planned out for when I need them .
You must download this app ! ! !
You will spend way too much time on this app !
It s ridiculous how long you can spend on this site .
You must download the Pinterest !
The only issue I have with it is the app .
It crashes on me a lot !
I submitted a note to them with no not_response .
I ve never not_had not_any issues with it and like that I can have private boards .
Sharing ideas is great !
I can t stop spending too much time on pin I may need an intervention .
This should be fixed , but great app nonetheless .
I LOVE this app but I wish you could reorganize your pins without not_having to not_repin them .
I now rely on it for my cookbook , I use it to learn how to make an refurbish Things and for Countless ideas on everything .
Have made some of the baby shower items , crocheted stuff , made dinners , gon na use a few family reunion ideas , and I m inspired for hard to decorate areas in my house .
Its like having all of your favorites in one place !
Just love it .
You can get all the ideas you need ,
I can categorize things I want to remember later when I need it .
Just love it !
I have made several dinners and crafts and everything turned out great !
You need to get this app .
It would be nice if the boards would automatically be put in alphabetical order .
Only one thing I don t like is when I can t find out where to buy something or how to make something , but nothing s perfect !
But i wish you could create more then 3 secret boreds ,
It seems to have a bug lately that causes it to randomly shut down , losing your place .
What could be better ?
Love it , but please add printer options .
It would be nice to have a printer friendly version of boards and pins .
I wish there was a way to edit the text when re pinning .
Couldn t plan my wedding without it .
I can t stop !
There are so many creative ideas on here for any category you can think of ... cooking , crafts , home projects , photography , education , etc. ! !
Together two or more pinners could create their idea board and have a vision for their concept/project .
Etc . \\nEverything else I love and please continue to keep it simple and easy !
I TOTALLY recommend Pinterest ! !
I need a pintervention ! ! !
For example , in order to pin a new outside link , you need to go to the actual Pinterest website from your browser b/c you can t do that directly from the app .
So many great ideas , helped me plan my wedding !
Only crashes occasionally , and it always remembers what you were last looking at , so it s easy to keep on pinning even after it crashes .
There are so many ideas from fitness , DIY , recipes , art , and etc ! ! !
Please remove ASAP .
Few things are better then you expect Pinterest is one if them .
You have to use it to believe it .
\\n\\nCons : it still crashes some times , need more privacy such as accepting/declining friend requests to follow you and secret boards ( it shouldn t be limited to 3 ) , no not_option to not_invite and follow friends via emails but Facebook only .
It crashes and Is extremely slow !
Sometimes it can be a little wonky and crashes if I try to upload more then one picture from my camera library .
Trying to figure out how to make a pin it button on my phone .
The only thing I hate is when it crashes right when you spot something great for your next repin .
This app provides so much inspirational ideas for everyone !
Can t stop looking at all the great holiday ideas ! !
The only thing I need is more time to do all the awesome things I find on here !
This app is great , it never not_crashes and not_its easy to understand .
One recommendation make it so you can @ user on pinterest comments , that way if you want your friend to take a look at something they ll get notification ,
But feel like I could solve life s mysteries with it ! ! !
\\n\\nOnly problem I have is that I access on my iPad and the app constantly crashes .
Who ever s not on not_Pinterest not_is missing out !
It does all the same things that you can do on a computer except allow you to rearrange your boards or change the name/description of a board .
I just love pinertest so much !
I have not not_been not_able to access my account going on 3 ( THREE ) weeks .
The pinterest team seems to be in NO hurry to help me resolve the problem either .
Would be even better , 5 star better , to be able to zoom in on the images .
Best time you will ever spend on the computer ,
s mom , When I need a pick me up , I scroll through the humor posts .
Please fix this .
Although I do get less not_sleep not_because I can t stop browsing .
I can only use pinterest for about 10 minutes and then for some reason the app quits and I ve lost my place .
Does anyone else have this problem ?
\\nI m not not_seeing not_how to get rid of it , anyone else know ?
My breaks should be called Pinterest breaks ,
Exactly what the world needs today .
just keep pinning .
just keep pinning .
what do we do ?
Sometimes it crashes or freezes which can be annoying but love having Pinterest on my phone .
It would be much more useful to see a comment thread of sorts , maybe like what Instagram or facebook has .
Why does this have to block the pin I m actually trying to see ?
Awesome ideas , creativity and I just love it ! ! !
I have it on both my iPhone and iPad but I wish the iPad version was available for the iPhone , hopefully it will be soon ! !
Just wish it wouldn t kick me out every so often ( wait .
That might be a good thing ! )
Stumbling Mobk , Here s the freaking deal .
Because why do I have to give a description of every freaking pin ?
Maybe I don t want people to know that the painting of an apple that I just pinned is a painting of an apple .
\\n\\nLet me pin without not_adding a not_description .
This is such a wonderful tool to learn so many wonderful things and where to get them or how to make them .
I am planning a wedding and got so many great ideas ! ! ! ! !
When I need an outfit idea I come here .
I have made body scrub and a sock bun .
Fun and addicting app that fosters creativity and provides users with new ideas or a spin on older ones !
Whoever created it , THANK YOU !
s Samantha Jane , Fabulous ideas and recipes ... and my fashion closet is amazing !
I love this for new workouts , recipes , climbing routes , inspiration , basically anything can be found here .
The best thing about this app is that you don t have to be looking for anything in particular but there is always something interesting that you can find ?
It has some bugs that need worked out .
I can manually create a pin using the regular pinterest website , but not on not_this not_pinterest app .
Anytime you need an idea for anything at all they have a category for it ! !
Hate the app , can not not_figure not_out how to add bookmarklet to Iphone ! !
All women and men should have this app !
: ) thanks and I would like to see pins one at a time ,
However , the app doesn t update well , so this needs to be fixed , but other than that is great !
Pinterest is the it s the thought that counts app for people who talk a lot about the things they intend to accomplish .
There isn t anything you can t find on Pinterest !
However infrequently , the app crashes at random .
Great just love it .
Love this site , but iPad crashes on occasion and I lose my spot , which is maddening .
The app has crashed on me a few times but I was glad that it did or I wouldn t have stopped pinning & amp ; searching for stuff lol .
Love this app..has its quirks such as going to page needs to have capability to save as bookmark not just in not_Pinterest .
They have amazing ideas that are truly inspirational .
From recipes to style to workout secrets Pinterest has everything I need at one source .
Am still learning how to use to its fullest but am enjoying it anyway !
K. G. Corey , Why can t I see anyone s profile information on their page ?
Wish they would take away pins that have been reported as spam instead of leaving them and just telling you but that s just being a little picky .
My only nag is that the app crashes pretty often .
I love this app but it crashes a lot .
It s getting really frustrating finding something I really like and to not not_be not_able to pin or like it because the app crashes .
Does crash out sometimes on iPad .
It s just like being on the computer , but it constantly crashes on my iPad even after I do the updates .
Totally recommend it !
\\n\\nOverall well made just a few issues for me .
I wish you could do sub folders in the boards to help organize your pins even more .
I wouldn t know how to function without it .
Please change it ! ! ! !
For those finds you want to save & amp ; come back later , any topic of interest you can find .
the only problems I ve incurred , is that the App shuts itself off from time to time .
just needs to be more Useable , for PINNING ! !
The ONLY thing that I suggest is for a way for us to search our own pages for a pin ! !
There are not not_enough not_ways to show this app how much more interesting it has made my life !
I can create a board for everything I m into .
I could spend all day on it no not_matter not_where I go & amp ; some times I do because there are so many awesome ideas on there & amp ; places to travel etc .
The only reason I didn t give it 5 stars was because the app crashes usually once a day .
\\nWe need to communicate more through images .
We need to use our words to help the inages along .
My only complaint is that it occasionally crashes .
Great to use when you need an idea for almost anything !
\\nI would like to ask one thing , is there anyway to limit the reoccurrence of a pin when it is repinned ?
I think I should see my repin on my board , but when you first search for something the pin should be there only once with the mention how many times it was repinned .
Site ( and app ) crash a lot .
Lil , Can t stop pinning .
Pintrest is addictive to begin with and this iPad app just takes it to another level .
The app could use some attention , it is slow and crashes often .
You have to move each pin one by one to a new folder and then after movement go back to the pin to delete one by one .
My `` Go To '' site , when I need an inspiration for literally anything !
Problem is I m hooked ! !
I have made several recipes from pinterest and have liked all of them .
Never crashes , user friendly .
I love Pinterest the only problem I have with this app is sometimes it decides just to not not_work for not_days !
you must try it to appreciate !
Haven t had a problem yet .
I found that I was addicted pretty quickly but I noticed that the way some of the windows worked wasn t making Pinterest easy to use and I could get lost pretty easily .
I ve had an iPad for a couple of years and I love it but some of the apps that are designed to make a standard internet website work better on iOS just lose a lot of functionality .
If you love Pinterest you need this app .
It does crash fairly often , but that could be relative to hours spent on it .
Best app ever made ! !
You have to check this app out especially if you have kids .
Pinterest is excellent but please please PLEASE add the ability to rotate with your iPad ! !
Now I have all my pins ready with me , whenever I need to look up quickly a recipe , a swatch , an idea , etc . this app is excellent !
The only problem is that it crashes a lot ,
\\n\\nI wish you didn t have to scroll down for the back button because I keep hitting the website by mistake .
\\n\\nAlso , it would be cool to manage your board from an iPhone or iPad instead of the computer .
Devi1109 , Would normally rate at 5 stars , but I can t log in either !
Please fix it .
There are occasionally problems with the app but overall it is simply amazing !
Need to know how to stain ur concrete ?
The app of Pintrest is completely amazing but crashes constantly on the iPad .
I have a Gen1 iPad so that might have something to do with it .
Glad I finally did , I m a teacher and this is just what I need to organize ideas I find online .
Only problem is that it shuts down quite often .
If you decide to make changes or rearrange pictures it s not not_easy not_especially since you can t see all the pins on your boards .
You have to go the page that shows all you pins and hope they all show up there .
Love the app , BUT the iPad version constantly crashes .
( I don t have the crashing problem with the iPhone version , but it would be nice to use the larger screen of the iPad . )
\\nThe only drawback is that the newest version means I have to click on a pin before I can select like .
I have pinned and used so many times that my phone requires me to clean out other storage to keep all my Pinterest stuff together ! ! ! !
I need a life beyond my Pinterest project list .
I love that I can create a collection of my own Favorite Things !
Love this app , but crashes frequently .
App rarely has not_problems ,
Rarely crashes .
Love it but it crashes sometimes or doesn t load images ,
\\n ie been struggling to figure out how to create new pins other than uploading a new photo as the app doesn t communicate with any other apps .
If one pin is really long and requires a lot of scrolling , it takes an ridiculously long time to load , and slows down all the pins in the column next to it .
That should be put next on the programmers to do list or his cubicle wall .
I just wish the mobile version had the scroll to top button like the computer version has .
This site should be called `` Muse '' it has given me so many ideas If I tackled them all I wouldn t be bored ever again .
How ( in ) convenient was that ?
There are so many ideas for all areas of interest .
You are missing out if you haven t joined Pinterest .
App has issues though on phone .
Since the update it hasn t crashed as much .
The only glitch I ve noticed is sometimes the links to the pins fail to load or take u to some unrelated site .
It can be frustrating when you see something you want to know more about but the page doesn t take you to the item .
If your crafty or just want some fresh ideas on old ideas you can find it here .
If you don t have it then you need to get it !
I love that you can follow people or just browse the whole site .
I wish you could rank a pin after you try it .
It crashes all the time ,
The app works pretty well , though sometimes it has trouble loading new content and will close on its own .
Pinterest is my go to app Anytime I need inspiration or just something to do it s right there .
The ideas and creations are endless .
I always recommend it !
I never have not_any not_problems with it .
I put off joining Pinterest because I didn t think I would use it .
When you need a change , an idea , a smile .
Etnanib , You can t pin items through the mobile app yet without not_installing not_some weird bookmarks .
When ever I need a jolt of inspiration to get me crafting , I check out Pinterest .
It NEVER fails to get my creative juices going .
Great app never not_crashes , not_super simple , and no not_spam !
It s my go to guide when I don t know how to do something , need new ideas , or just to pass the time .
I will say that on occasion that app will crash , but usually it s right around the time a new update is about to take place .
I love pinterest because it never not_fails to not_provide me with new ideas , and it also shows me things that can help me in my everyday life .
My only complaint is that you can t create a pin .
\\nWish it would not not_crash not_so frequently , but I still enjoy it !
If you need inspiration for anything in your life , you ll definitely find something on Pinterest .
If u forget your grocery list , no not_problem not_u can look up the recipe in 1 minute to be sure you I ve everything you need ! !
does what it needs to , and is m go to app when I have time to pass .
How did people have weddings without not_Pinterest not_?
I need pictures of my daughter more than I need to know how to bake a million different types of cookies .
I had time one day and was looking for some DIY tips especially , regarding spring cleaning and laundry tips for ink and grease .
So as I was going through my spring cleaning list I found some outstanding ideas on how to clean things that had never not_cleaned not_well before .
Gentlemen , if you want to impress someone with relative easy cooking then you should learn how to use this ap .
You may have your man card taken away , or need to call the man hotline but , you will impress a lady .
It s amazing what you can find .
Once you start you can t stop ,
Keeps me busy when bored and creative when I need the boost !
I have never not_had a not_problem with it at all .
Only issue is its slow to load at times but I can deal .
Site/app is a very good idea .
I m a crafty person but I usually need a little inspiration and Pinterest is so perfect for that .
I most DEFINANTLY suggest this !
Until Pinterest actually puts forth a little effort and acts on the hundreds , if not not_thousands of not_suggestions made by it s pining community on how to `` protect '' those who see `` art '' through the narrowest , most fragile minded conservative eyes , don t waste your time by rolling the dice on the hopes that what you view , and appreciate , as art or beauty does not not_fit the not_bill laid out by Pinterest and their kind .
Now that I have it on the go I can t stop pinning !
My husband thinks I have a problem , I m on it all the time recipes .
It needs to be like it used to be , much faster and more convenient .
I love how you can pin pictures directly from your existing pictures on your phone or take a new picture and post it .
I have experienced boards that said no not_pins not_found using my iPad , when I went to my iPhone they were available .
Once you start you can t stop ! !
I highly recommend it ! !
Love the new feature where you can see similar pins to what you just pin makes it even more addicting .
The only thing you need to add to the app is being able to select a board cover in app version .
There are some great ideas and it is nice to pin things ( i.e . exercise or recipes ) where you can easily find them .
It used to crash on me 90 % of the time I used it but not not_anymore .
What did I do before Pinterest ?
No issues so far and I would rather use the app than login online .
This app works beautifully ; I have never not_had not_any problems with it .
Best ideas ever must have been created by a man to secretly get us women to cook clean and workout though lol ,
Never crashes or takes long to upload things .
It took me awhile to figure out how to use it .
I just love this site I spend several hours a day on here .
Major complaint : the iphone app has closed or crashed on me multiple times .
I love this app and there are never not_really not_any issues ,
This app really has it all you can even look up gamer ideas for your games .
I d give it 5 stars if I could pin from my iPhone , so maybe you could work on that ?
I love all the ideas I get from Pinterest , it s a great thing !
Ya , the app has some glitches , but the concept is out of this world fulfilling to designer types who just need some pinsperation to get going on the next project .
I do wish I knew how to pin from the web on my phone .
I m an occupational therapist and the ideas I got from this app are GREAT ! ! ! !
The best place to go when you need new ideas or inspiration : ) ,
The mobile format could use some tune up , like being able to save photos to my phone .
Right now it s crashing after I repin something .
When I post my own pictures , or even pin a nice picture , app blurs the image a bit .
I need all the help I can get to be creative .
There are so many great ideas in the DIY and home decor section .
This is so informative that it make you want to go on it again and again as you don t want to miss out on any thing new or interesting that was posted ! ! !
Doesn t show who is re pinning your pins and sometimes crashes .
Easy to use format & amp ; I rarely have not_any not_issues .
I love the Pinterest website but the app definitely needs work .
I consult it before I plan my meals for the week and I also use it for fun things to do with my children .
My problem is that I can t stop using it !
If u do ... u will b on it almost 24/7 and it is WORTH it !
This app has never not_crashed on me .
Easy to use , would be great if it can support more then one account .
Now I just need to use some of the great ideas ! !
The recipes , fashion , cleaning organizing funny smart hobbies etc ideas are amazing ,
Love the site but the app seems to crash quite a bit .
\\n\\nI just love it ,
Love Pinterest but the app needs work .
I m not not_able to not_get on the full site much so I do expect a lot from the app but it leaves me wanting more .
LOVE the app , but do not not_like the not_new addition of , `` Scroll down to vie related pins '' that appears when looking at a pin .
It s a good app , but it tends to crash sometimes .
If there is a better site , someone needs to tell me .
Gives so many ideas needs a warning , `` Don t read near husband , will create Honey Do list overload and husband will explode . ''
And yes , I ve actually created some of my pins ! !
Just love love love it .
I not just not_like not_pinterest .
Anything you want to know about anything is on this site !
\\nI only gave it 4 stars because it does have a problem with crashing a lot .
I d recommend it to anyone .
Just love it !
I have already made a lot of the things that I pinned , and I plan to make more once I pry myself away from it ! ! !
Im a pinterest addict just like everyone else !
A few features I d love to see added though would be a key word search amongst your pins , I have a lot of pins and searching through them all can take a while .
I love this app , it has its moments , like suddenly force closing after leaving it idle for a while or not not_having the not_option to edit your pins amd move them like you can do from a PC but I am sure those will be fixed in the long run with the updates , otherwise great app : D ,
The idea of making some boards private is also useful for planning events .
This app helps you find those things that you always wanted to know how to do or see but were never not_able to not_because of lack if time .
I don t need my computer to look up anything I pin , I can go to a friends and pull it up on my phone and make what ever ! ! ! ! ! !
Greatest thing since sliced bread and on here I can learn how to do it .
I love Pinterest and recommend it to anyone who Is creative , crafty , artistic , knowledgeable , humorous , loving , etc lol !
My only complaints are that it crashes a lot and I wish you could see how many pins you have in each board on the app and not just the not_computer .
The only thing is it crashes like crazy !
ve Been InSCHWARMed , Does all it needs to do !
I think it is very nice how you can found a lot of information about your different interest .
Never have any problems ,
This is the best thing ever invented you learn so much from it there is anything from house hold tips , things u can `` do it yourself `` basically anything u want to know u can find on here anything uve wanted to learn they probably can teach u ultimate women app !
I recommend this .
Ideas are so awesome on this site .
This needs to be took back off .
I would like to see a duplication warning , so you don t pin the same thing several times .
Ideas are awesome and its a great way to get/keep creative juices flowing .
The best of everything on the web is here !
I love trying new recipes and being able to get on there and look things up when I need it !
I just love it .
I recommend this app whether you are remodeling your home , planning dinner , or just looking to kill time in the waiting room : ) ,
Love this app butttt giving this 3 stars because I think you should get rid of the scroll for more bit .
Works great only bad thing i can say is sometimes it crashes when you are looking at something ,
It is like you can create a personal magazine .
\\nI love it and have used the ideas and the `` How to do '' , would be lost without not_this not_sight .
Both need the ability to resize the pinned photos on the phone app , it d be nice if I could zoom in so only one shows at a time .
The new `` load more like this '' thing that shows up is a good idea , but then I can t see the pin and have to move the picture around to read the whole thing ,
The idea of Pinterest is quite perfect !
One thing about this app\\nI wish developers d do is to have Source/URL space available , just like the full website , in addition to Photo Description and Choose Folder .
It works great , but requires the full website to change some settings , I love it ! ! ! !
Barely any crashes and very easy to maneuver !
I need more than 5 stars ! !
Wish it could tell me if I already pinned .
It has helped me plan my wedding , bridal showers , girls night , photo options to do for engagement to wedding and now to giving birth .
Pinterest is my go to when I need new ideas ,
I updated my app and lost all of my boards .
Excellent app , I haven t had any problems with it .
There are so many great ideas .
The bugs are definitely fewer , pictures load better , and there are no longer not_glitches with not_updating my followers .
I just wish there was an easy way to pin from an iPhone .
Love looking at the pictures and pages then creating my own boards , so easy to do .
I just wish Pinterest as a whole would add a baby catagory .
Could someone fix this , please ?
There are so many wonderful ideas and tasty recipes .
The app is easy and the ideas are endless ! !
What a gift not to have to not_remember not_where I saw a recipe or lamp or gift idea ... .could go on and on .
The only reason it gets 4 stars is that about 1 in 15 times when I m on it the app randomly crashes .
Yes , it s a mental problem .
I recommend this to everybody ! ! !
Amazing is the only word next to awesome I can use to describe it !
The best downloading decision I ever made ! ! !
There is none of that here .
This alternate universe just has lots of inspiration for so many things .
Awesome but is a little glitchy and will crash at times ,
For example a recipe board : a dessert board well you pin a whole bunch of desserts within the board and then you should of divided the category into chocolate desserts , cakes , cookies , pies etc and to go back to do that you have to go in and do one by one and pin on a new board .
Also it would be nice to have some tags on the boards for recipes that worked or didn t work do it is easier to find when u search for that one recipe .
So many ideas so little time..love Pinterest especially since I am a visual person ... just be careful , you can spend hours pinning and not even not_realize .
They have since been fixed and the bugs are rare .
Why does it fluctuate how much memory it takes up on my iPhone ?
it crashes sometimes but besides that I love it .
Only problem is it crashes every once in a while but eh .
Alias1990 , Why does a blip pop up when you click on an item saying `` scroll down for more pins on this item '' ? ?
I love Pinterest , but my app crashes quite a bit .
My only real issue is that the app still crashes from time to time ( which is particularly frustrating when I have my eye on a pin I want to check out , but can never not_find it not_again ) .
The only thing is instead of pinning , I need to try the things I ve pinned .
Just download it .
enjoy looking at what people post and follow your friends ,
Every update that they did seemed to be a good choice and added value to their site .
Highly recommend it .
If I could have only one app on my phone this would be THE ONE ! ! !
\\n\\nUpdate : Just wish it wouldn t crash all the time I redirect to a site .
There are so many creative and imaginative ideas and projects I would never not_think of on my not_own .
The only problem is that I m totally addicted to this site ,
There are so many interesting ideas and tips .
Don t create an account , if you re not not_willing to not_become addicted to something .
You could tell a story just by the arrangement and visual flow pf your pins ; you could make a list , just by being able to re order the pictures on a board .
\\nIt needs a search within the boards on individual profiles .
Please remove the scroll arrow ! ! ! !
Please take away the EXTREMELY ANNOYING `` click here for related posts '' arrow ! ! !
All I want to do is pin pin pin no not_matter not_what what what : D If you don t have this yet you need to sign up !
I am unable to log in on my phone .
All the glitches from previous updates have been fixed !
Pretty old so I m sure that s why it crashes so much .
Please take away the arrow .
Other wise I just need to limit myself or a whole day can be used up on scrolling through all the sweet pins on Pinterest : ) ,
Current iPad ap is improvement , but still crashes often and can only pin from web if I browse through pinterest which would be fine if it were more stable and had better search capabilities , like say Google ?
The only way it could be completely awesome is for it to stop randomly crashing when I find a cool pin .
\\nApp has a few bugs , but works great overall .
I can t stop looking .
It provides a Great service for those who do scrapbooking .
Too many crashes .
Other than that love it and highly recommend it !
The best ideas are here ! !
I just love the new updates to the Pinterest app .
Haven t had any problems .
Also I found that when selecting something I liked you have to download\\na site , which I have opted out of .
I haven t had any issues using this app and it does what it s supposed to !
t find an available name , I have no not_problems with the not_app crashing on my iPhone 5 .
Can t stop looking things up ! ! !
So many ideas that you would never not_think of that not_is simple and easy to make .
It s just the perfect forum for all your interests and needs ! !
The pictures and ideas are great , but sometimes some of ideas connect to nothing .
Blueeyesjj , I like this app but what I find disappointing is all the merchandise that is shown like cloths , make up , etc is never not_available to not_buy .
Great when you need a Smile : ) or really anything !
I love this app , just a few upgrades it would be nice to see four columns at a time like when viewing Pinterest on Safari .
The iPhone app you can see this ,
I can t log in .
I have become a better cook and made several gifts for friends and family .
Just kidding that would be deleting my life .
Posts are made that try to scam people out of their money , and it looks like the holder of the acct supports the program .
\\n\\nThe general idea is pretty awesome , but the frequent and repeated glitches are very frustrating !
The only thing I would suggest would be to be able to search things within a category .
Best way to pin is on the iPad ! !
Took me a while to figure out what it was but now I am a cooking freak and I have never not_been not_able to be before .
I don t like the scroll down on the pin , please remove .
BUT IT CRASHES A LOT .
My first review I talked about how it kept crashing on my iPad but it has finally been fixed .
I just Pintrest it !
& lt ; 3 & lt ; 3\\nWhen I need an idea I know where to go Pinterest ! ! ! !
I highly recommend this .
I just got the iPad and app at Christmas time !
I am giving up my magazine subscriptions because anytime I need inspiration I just have to get on Pinterest .
Highly suggest using Pinterest !
I just love it .
Love the fact I can use this for just about all my arts and crafts .
Very enjoyable but it crashes aaaaallllllthe time it seems .
Pinterest is great other than the fact that it needs to make comments on pins hidden pinterest is all about being aesthetically pleasing , and the look of comments on the bottom of pins really drags it down .
Please remove the `` scroll down to see related pins '' .
Works as good as a desktop , just wish iPad app didn t crash so much ,
The only problem is when it crashes on me sometimes but other than that , great app .
I love Pinterest and there s not not_much to not_say I have never not_had not_any problems with this app ,
Only problem is every so often it kicks you off and you have to reopen the app , which makes you lose your place .
There is so many cool things on here and ideas of stuff it s great .
Like it a lot wish that you could blow up pics on iPhone though ,
App crashed too much .
I love Pinterest , but too much crashing going on !
I will be pinning away and then the app crashes !
Never had a problem with it ! !
I am also a fitness fanatic and new home owner and there are so many great ideas for houses , recipes , and workouts ! !
Definitely get this because you will be stuck on it for HOURS .
Please fix the issue of having 5 million people s pins come up under my home page that I am not not_following and not_do not not_care to not_follow !
Why are those people showing up ?
Easy to use , no not_crashes .
Please take off that God forsaken arrow ! ! ! ! ! !
I rated it four stars because the app crashes a lot .
Please add a Repin button on the IPad app so you don t have to click the picture in order to Repin .
The only feature I would like to see improvement made is with editing .
It would be nice to have a simpler method in accomplishing this .
Love this app , keeps be busy when I am bored : ) just wish I knew what I had pinned previously .
Once you start , ya can t stop ! ! !
There are so many great ideas .
The only problem I have with Pinterest is that I can t stop looking and pinning !
I prefer to use the pin button on my desk top to just repinning other people pictures from their boards ,
I recommend everyone I know to use this .
Good app you can find any kind of topic that you like even more addictive than Facebook !
Works just like the website !
The ideas are endless ! !
I just can t stop ! !
Pinterest is so lovely I m 12 and I love I think everybody should get it I loveeee looking up hair styles and bedrooms and they are awesome hair styles and wonderful bedrooms and hilarious pictures ,
Same with the online version ; why don t I have the option to start following that person s board with the new version ?
Whoever said they didn t like it , it is because they are either not not_smart not_enough to work it or too jealous to see other people s great ideas and creativeness !
t sleep , Absolutely love Pinterest , have tried many ideas found on this site and most have been successful !
This app would be great but for the fact that it crashes EVERY time I m on it .
It s so aggravating to be in the middle of pinning something and it crashes .
You can plan your wedding , craft , garden , cook , lose weight , redecorate , learn new make up tips .
One of my favorite time wasters , but wish I could add a new pin from app ,
Only thing is that I wish you could create pins on it , like the website .
I love Pinterest and never not_had not_any problems until this new arrow appeared It covers up what you want to see and I don t want to scroll down to see more , I want to see what I clicked on .
How do I get rid of it ?
Luckily I didn t update my iPad so I can avoid it on that device .
4 stars because The only thing that is frustrating to me is not not_being not_able to organize/move pins around inside the boards .
Love Pinterest but this app crashes when I try to unlike something .
I am planning a wedding and have gotten so many great ideas from Pinterest .
I absolutely recommend this app for anyone young or old .
I never have not_any not_problems with uploading .
I just love it so many great pictures n ideas and fun stuff to keep you from being board ,
Some trouble with app crashing on occasion or difficulty pinning , but don t even care .
I love the way we can just create our boards by category so that it s easier to go back to .
I am making meals I have never not_made not_before which means my husband is a happy camper .
Definitely recommend this app !
However the iPad version needs some work all those screens open is too much .
Just love the ideas that Pinterest has .
The only complaint I have is it crashes every so often ! ! ! ! !
This app never not_fails , not_never freezes , always works , and stays refreshed and quick .
The app is great , especially when I am bored at work , but there needs to be a way to Pin from your iPhone !
It also crashes a lot .
I love this app , it is convenient and great when you need ideas or just to look around .
Once I understood ( not not_hard not_) how to use it , I m on all the time !
It s my go to app whenever I need ideas for teaching , decorating , party ideas , and wedding planning .
How would I get through the day without not_Pinterest not_?
The capability of saving `` good things '' in one easy place is just what I didn t know I was missing .
But its always always closed on my face i think its a problem you need to fix it ^^ ,
I ve never not_had not_any problems with it freezing up or crashing .
This should absolutely be fixed .
sMiMi , Now I have a go to friend who is full of answers for all my decorating , cooking , and limitless other things I need assistance with .
Pinterest has provided me with inspiration in so many subjects , crafts , art , my garden , the list goes on .
How can you not not_luv it not_?
Never fails , never not_crashes , and not_always refreshes quickly !
However , it is so easy to use and the ideas and options are endless .
I love having a app that provides me with a forum to get ideas for every aspect of my life .
Best thing to go through while trying to fall asleep : ) and you can always find anything you need on here ! ! !
Never have an issue and I use it everyday !
Bring back the feature where you can long hold on the pin and it lets you pin it also need to be able to report pins ,
That being said , it gets four stars because I either need more boards or I need sub boards .
Haven t had any problems , very useful for planning events and looking for DIY projects .
My plans are always to look awhile and two hours later ... ... ... ... ... .great app ,
I love it but have the same problems others are having .
Would be nice to be able to organize & amp ; a search option would Venice for those if us that have over 5k in pins , it makes it hard to go back & amp ; find something !
But I give it three stars because there is a lot of room for improvement and the app has constant issues when pinning or editing pins .
My only wish is that the app came with a `` pin it '' button for your phone the way it does for your browser so I could create new pins from my iPhone .
Is that even possible ?
Please remove it .
There is no way to not_pin not_from the phone other than taking a pic with the camera .
I also like that I can pin things ranging from do it yourself projects to new tutorials on how to do hair and makeup .
I highly recommend Pinterest .
Almost anything & amp ; everything I create comes from Pinterest !
Love this app and so far the ideas are great !
The Ideas are endless and there is always something new and fun to try .
I highly recommend it !
I highly recommend Pinterest to anyone that wants DIY ideas , recipes , beauty , home decor .
Whole new kind of social network , you can show off stuff you ve made or like , and get AMAZING ideas on how to do stuff .
Sometimes it crashes if the page takes too long to load .
But maybe it should have something else , like a `` cherry on the cake '' .
I m stuck on for hours , can t peel myself away ! !
Be warned you will spend hours on this !
Pinterest is awesome but the app version of it is kind of frustrating , I always have to sign in over and over again every time I click on the app because there was a `` problem on their end . ''
App crashes ever now and then but great overall ,
I ve never not_had not_any problems with it so its perfect in my book !
Fabulous idea , creativity app , basics is all we really need please NO advertisements on the horizon , \\n\\nThanks & amp ; KOKO !
Deleted all of my saved pins when I updated the app .
I highly recommend it !
It is very easy to use and handy on my iPad for when I need to reference to something I pinned onto 1 of my boards .
I really enjoy it , I liked the screen format the way it use to be , when it just showed the pics and not not_all the not_previous pins and comments .
I have no not_problems .
Easy to use , haven t had any problems .
\\nI only wish you could views pins and move them to another folder quicker ( drag and drop or one click ) .
If your new I suggest clicking all and everything that truly interests you , you never not_know not_what interesting pins your missing out on and I ve never not_seen not_how to go back and change my likes .
Pinterest makes me like people I don t know Facebook makes me hate people I do know ,
: ) \\nOnly issue I have with it is , the app will occasionally crash on me without not_any not_information why .
Knocked off a star for the frequent broken links , sometimes the info is still useful , but would be nice if there would be a way to see that .
Please fix ASAP .
There were no not_loading not_issues or glitches .
Every young girl , teenager , woman , mother , grandmother , and aunt needs this app ! !
I highly recommend it ! !
I haven t had any problems with this app .
I would however like to see the developer work on the crashing issue while opening multiple windows for `` following '' , etc . ,
Only complaint is my app crashes when loading a web page .
It continually crashes or freezes , then it wouldn t load at all .
If you can t have an App that works , why have one at all ?
claireangeline , What can I say , when I need Pinterest this gives me Pinterest so I guess it does what it s suppose to do .
It is a great way to discover new recipes and just get great ideas .
I never not_expected to not_be so addicted to this but I m so glad in have it .
Is there such a thing as Pinterest Obsession Therapy ?
I didn t realize how much I would use this App .
I wish the secret boards were available when I joined Pinterest but I m glad they were added .
Good app , love the new additions of abc order to find boards , now all you need to do is make a popup that tells me if I have already pinned something and it will be perfect ! !
Just love this app !
I love pintrest I don t like the idea that you have to be invited .
I wish you could do more editing on your boards within the app , but otherwise love it !
I actually use several of my pins on a daily basis , and plan to use many more in the future .
Extremely addicting I have never not_had not_any issues with the app and you can find just about anything on here !
Site crashes too often right in the middle of something .
Very frustrating site crashes in the middle of things .
I would suggest this to everyone .
If there is already a way to do that , I would appreciate the help to do so .
I ve used Pinterest to plan my wedding , remodel my house , and stay motivated on my fitness and health plan & lt ; 3 ,
I have had no not_problems with it .
The only problem is , once you start , it s hard to stop !
You can find out how to make and do anything !
Ready when you need some inspiration !
Where was Pinterest when I was teaching ?
Could we get more private boards ?
Just wish there was a quick way to go back and say you had good results or a `` Did it '' button .
I can t stop !
I need to pin !
I have made numerous recipes and continue to add to recipe collection .
This is the best app of all time I love this you can look up anything or how to make anything love !
A fantastic app , works so much more smoothly than I even expected an app to work .
I ve only ever had 2 problems : I can t tag people in my pins and the app occasionally closes out .
I love this site it is amazing how many things you can repurpose and have fun with .
A wonderfully addictive app that I would award 5 stars to except that it crashes all the time on the iPod !
It crashes a lot and won t load at least half the time .
If you function on a visual level ( ie artist , designer , etc ) you need this app .
Just like the website .
But my biggest frustration is that my boards are scrambled , when I need them to be alphabetical , since I have too many to reorganize them with drag and drop ( over 300 categories ) .
WHY can t the default be alphabetical ?
Why scrambled ?
Other than this huge problem ( and one other where the app crashes a lot on my phone or pad ) , I LOVE PINTEREST SO MUCH THAN I d rather research this way than EAT or SLEEP .
When I click on a picture to see it better , this annoying , in the way , gray box shows up saying I can see more related stuff below .
I m using the Pinterest app to plan out my new home .
Love it as a mother , artist , educator , and anything else I feel I need to be that day ! !
I just need to take a break from looking at all of the fabulous pins and actually do some of the projects haha ,
I m on it everyday mostly never not_freezes , and not_if it crashes out it starts right back up again ! ! !
I love it but still , it pauses a lot and also says it is having problems .
Where would I be without not_u not_?
I should probably be medicated for the obsession .
Have found AND made so many creative ideas that my husband now hates when I say .
I don t know how I would pass the time or plan my wedding without not_Pinterest ! ! !
My only problem is I can t figure out how to post something that doesn t have a pin button .
Pinterest has given my great ideas on crafts and recipes and has been helping to plan my wedding !
If you are crafty , like to cook , or just want to know something new you will be addicted to this app .
Everyone should have this app !
I love Pinterest , but the app could use some work .
I deleted and reinstalled but , seriously , why would it ever need that much ?
Pinterest is so amazing and the app just doesn t do it justice .
But after using it for probably 15 minutes or so , it always seems to crash and go to my home screen .
I just love this app and spend way to much time on it .
The only issue I have is that it s impossible to add a pin while on my iPhone .
Awesome app , just have 2 wishes : 1 .
I wish there was a way we could ban certain things from appearing on our preferences but overall very good .
Great app to inspire all that you could possibly desire to see or care to share !
Can t get enough ... and then I have to stop so I can sleep .
Just learn how to use it and you will not not_be not_sorry .
Although I don t like it as much as the full computer version ( although that s simply because of size on my phone and not not_being not_able to see individual boards ) this app is a great way to kill time and come up with new ideas .
Can t zoom in and wish it would tell me if I pinned something before .
Once you start pinning , you may not not_be not_able to stop !
Has some issues crashing rarely not_but not_otherwise really great functionality and great concept in general !
I plan to look for a minute but end up searching for hours ,
There are so many cool things to look up and the food section is better than any recipe book you can buy .
Takes 30 seconds to figure out how to navigate .
My only problem is it doesn t always save to my camera roll even though it says it did ! !
The only thing is I wish it would tell you if you already `` pinned '' or `` liked '' something .
There are so many great pins but it crashes all the time .
Please fix this .
It always crashes right when I m about to repin .
The app functions well , but it crashes often ,
I definitely recommend purchasing this app because it is a great creation .
I am so addicted to Pinterest so please figure out how to fix this memory hog issue before it eats my entire memory !
I love having Pinterest with me wherever I go and this app would get 5 stars but sometimes it will shut down on me right as I find a great pin and then when I get back into it , I can never not_find the not_pin again .
\\nI wish : \\nWe could have sub boards in our boards .
Don t plan a party without it ,
Vicenzo6 , Pictures that provide thousands of ideas .
Good but seems to have stability issues at times .
Can t stop been here all the time ,
This is a problem only because I want to see more .
Does it really need 5 stars ?
Whoever made this has it together and knows what people need .
Why does the app continue to freeze ?
My sister has the same problem .
It does crash at times and I dislike that you can t remove people from following you .
There are some kinks that need to be worked out but it s good ,
The idea of Pinterest is a great and well executed concept .
I use Pinterest for everything from ideas on how to decorate my college dorm room to makeup ideas for a dance performance .
I can t figure out how to find people I know though the app .
Love the concept but am tired of it crashing all the time .
I love this app but it crashes ALL THE TIME ,
So far haven t had a problem with the app .
What did we ever do before it ? ?
Especially when I need to pass the time and get some ideas on things ! ! !
Never crashes , always has new pins , really love to browse ! ! !
You can learn how to do ANYTHING on your own !
There are so many ideas !
They really need to add that feature .
It s easy to make sure I buy what I need in one trip .
I get so many great ideas and the history area is so educational .
The search does not not_work the not_greatest .
The only downside is when Facebook and Pinterest don t work together and I can t log in .
There are some bugs .
I plan weddings .
I recommend it all the time !
Hate how it looks on iPhone since they made the changes .
You can t view pins without a not_giant not_black `` scroll down for more pins '' blocks what you want to see .
Just need the time to try it all ! !
It s tricky to get use to and many pins do not not_give not_details , but overall it provides a handy service of clipping ideas in one place .
Please remove it !
I keep checking in hopes they update and remove it .
Only thing is I can t figure out how to change the caption when I repin an item .
It seems like many previous bugs have been fixed .
Almost never not_crashes .
Just like the computer website .
Ever since I updated my app it shuts down every time I select a pin to check out the website .
There are so many great ideas out there and this app makes sharing them and saving them for later so easy .
Great options , appealing interface design , AND it s fast and never not_crashes even on my not_iPhone 4 .
Always something nice on the wall that one can use .
While pinning from actual web pages isn t available , app is a great way to view your `` stream '' while on the go .
Anyone can use this app for anything you are looking for !
When I m looking for dinner recipes all that come up are drinks and desserts .
You will not not_be not_able to tear yourself away !
Love this app and rarely have not_problems with it .
Never had an issue and lots of great content ,
I recommend this app for everyone .
I wish there were a way to rate ideas I ve tried from Pinterest some turn out great but others not .
I recommend it to everyone !
Rather than searching all over the internet , I know I will pretty much always find ideas that will work for me on pinterest .
Only problem is that it can be slow at loading .
It used to crash on me all the time , but seems they worked the bugs out .
Once you start you can t stop ! ! ! !
Hardly ever has issues and has tons of great ideas , style tips and more !
I ve made so many delicious desserts and dinners my family and friends are so thankful ! ! ! !
The entire idea behind Pintrest is a brilliant one and the app works beautifully .
But ever since I updated it there is the annoying black box that pops up recommending more pins like it with the big arrow in the middle of the pins .
I have only had one problem with the app .
Anything you d ever need is all in this one app ! !
s , Not sure how to answer the question above .
Never had any issues with the app .
I love redoing my clothes and furniture so this app is the perfect way to find new ideas that are with me when I m doing the project !
And that you can create a new board while you are pinning something .
It is helping me to plan my outfits & amp ; enjoy shopping again .
I just love it ! !
Is there a rehab for pinterest addiction ?
I love pinterest , but it crashes on me every couple of minutes , very frustrating .
I can use it on my desktop with no not_problem , not_so must be in the app itself .
I have the original iPad , so maybe that is the problem ?
App crashes sometimes and I get many `` oops something went wrong on our side '' messages .
\\n\\nOther than that , it s Pinterest and it does what you d expect .
So I click the photo to learn how to make them and the redirect says I need to click the photo to go to the Pinterest site so I click and the app pops up a box and says you can t goto the Pinterest site from this app .
The app version for iPhones is great , but it s upsetting when it crashes & amp ; freezes so much .
Also , it would be nice to edit a pin after pinning it .
Now I don t have to wait until I get home to look through new pins .
This app is all I need .
If you don find your niche just do a search .
I can t think of anything you could do to improve the Pinterest app .
But I don t get why sometimes someone showed a great idea but when you go to it they don t show how to do it .
Why is this app fraught with errors and bugs ? ?
Everything you could ever want to do , recipes you want to try , craft you want to make etc . you can find links and inspirations door from this one app ,
Only thing I wish about app is that I have so many pins on boards now that I can t scroll through them all .
Yes , it is very addictive , but being addicted to inspiration is a good thing .
I love all the new categories and haven t had any issues !
Never have any problems and cam always find things I need .
Pinterest is a certified addiction and this app just catapults it .
The only glitch I ve come across almost every time is that it crashes several times during use .
There are so many ideas for everything you can imagine .
You need to have a way to add pins with an add pin button the way you have on the web based version .
I just love Pinterest !
The best when you need ideas and inspiration .
Also the best when you need to kill time .
The only thing I would say would be useful to change is to make it so not not_so not_many of the same things pop up ha !
Pinterest has such great ideas on how to decorate and most ideas are cheap .
It has some bugs for the phone app still but that won t stop me from using it .
Definitely recommend it to everyone .
Just like the website .
Never crashes ! !
Love having this app so everything is right here ,
Definitely recommend the App to anyone !
Love this app ... can t get enough ! ! !
It crashes occasionally but overall a great app ,
I wish it would tell you that you already pinned something and that you could separate out multiple pins at once .
Love this app , is exactly what I need and love the updates as well !
Please change this !
This app made my Pinterest addiction even worse .
Kicks me off every 3 min when it updates that category , then takes me back to the main menu , please make an update for the iPod touch 4th gen. ,
I love this app for it s purpose , but it tends to crash when i open a larger image or pin .
My only issue is that if I use it for an extended period , the images don t always load , so I ll be scrolling through a seemingly endless reel of grey boxes with text underneath .
Pinterest gives me so many good ideas about style and DIY projects , ideas for all they styles I love and how to go about doing them !
It can t sway my opinion of the actual site , though .
I really don t like the related pins arrow that pops up when you open a pin , it blocks what you were trying to look at in the first place !
The iPad version should have like and repin buttons on the main screen .
The updates have made this my favorite app ! ! !
Perfect when I just need to pass the time .
Every two minutes the app crashes or kicks me out .
Everyone should have a Pinterest account !
Doesn t crash as much as the older versions .
That s insane even if its storing user data the app shouldn t be allowed to keep going and should have a cap .
Whitney Downum , Can t complian !
This app is great but for the fact that you can t create new pins !
I love the Pinterest app , also it randomly crashed and freezes .
I sorta stumbled on this on my own because people in my group of friends don t know how to make recommendations .
Sometimes I just can t stop .
If you feel the arrow needs to be there , please have an option to move it or disable it .
\\nThe problem is that I ve tried to get clarification , but I don t know if I ve contacted the right source .
Pinterest can t possibly deny it knows that , and id like to know how you validate the content or the quality with a straight face .
But I don t intend to cast my pearls before swine nor be held responsible for someone else s behavior .
\\nIn addition , I m currently staying away for now , for the most part because I can t deal with the frustration of the temperamental nature of the board s function .
\\nI don t understand explanations that pop up saying `` you have no not_pins not_available '' ( ? )
I read about secret boards for hours , understanding how to make them , but not not_why not_I would want one .
Why learn it when it maybe it s time to leave for elusive reasons ?
I notice a few other pincers have the same problem so I m sure the problem is being addressed .
Please make it easier ! !
Great app , I just miss the like button since the update !
Once you start , you can t stop !
Everyone should have this app ,
I wish that you could set your profile to private so only the people you follow & amp ; ur followers could see it .
I luv Pinterest its the most used app on my iPod so get it bc you ll lUv it like me ,
\\n\\nIf you haven t joined the thousands or millions of people just like me , my only advice is to set aside a good chunk of time that you can devote to it .
The only thing I have issue with is that new black box thing that sits in the middle of the pic ... Get rid of it ! !
Pinterest has become my '' go to '' spot when I need to know how to do something or looking for new recipes or for inspiration for a new project .
I don t know what they did on the last update that they think they needed to have a big arrow in the middle of the screen that says scroll down to see related pins and it won t go away !
You need to invent a faster way to repin stuff .
App Crashes all the time for no not_apparent not_reason .
I wish the mobile app wouldn t shut down randomly and that the boards could be alphabetized on the computer .
I `` like '' more posts than I pin because the pick a board page is so slow loading and sometimes loses the post I intended to pin .
The only reason I gave it three stars is because the app constantly crashes and it keeps bugging me to review it .
It s a hassle to Unfollow , and just because I liked one pin , I always see them for then on on my home page .
Just pay your money and download this app !
I could spend hours just browsing pins !
Love Pinterest could use some more bug fixes though = ) ,
Rarely ever have problems .
I love this app there are so many interesting , new , and creatively fun ideas that I could never have not_imagined ! !
The app still has a few small kinks that need to be worked out , but they re improving everyday .
My only problem with the app is that I can t add new pins and that s very frustrating !
Problem it crashes a lot and takes up way , way to much space on my phone .
It s a wonderful way to get my mind off of things : ) but one problem is sometimes when I try to unlike things the app just shuts down and I have to reopen it .
I don t like the functionality and it crashes on me sometimes .
The app could also use some speed enhancements .
So far not not_too not_bad but I still can t help feeling that it s still missing something ,
Annoyed Buckeye , Seriously , I have removed and reinstalled this app at least a dozen times and I still can t log in with my Facebook account .
This is a 4+ app , but it occasionally will close out on me , so just a tiny bit short of a 5* app .
Love Pinterest and I ve made quite a few pins successfully !
I thought Pinterest wa just for stayathomemoms & amp ; all about crafts , but actually there s so much more to Pinterest !
Two stars until that update is removed or updated to allow an opt out !
I really like using the app , but it seriously crashes very 15 minutes .
It s ridiculous and this should be fixed ,
I do have some issues with crashing sometimes and I wish you could zoom in on images without not_actually not_opening them .
Has provided some amazing ideas , tips , solutions , motivation and delicious recipes .
I don t understand why it needs the storage since its all over the Internet .
I would have liked to have a messaging option and more private boards option .
I don t know how people planned their wedding before Pinterest !
Gives me so many great ideas for everything from how to dress to what to cook .
What in the world did I do without it not_?
But if you just scroll down the first time it doesn t happen again !
my only complaint is that you can t swipe from image to image , instead you have to hit back .
Just get it .
I recommend it to everyone !
I can t stop .
I LOVE this app but it crashes a lot .
New update crashes less .
Only `` complaint '' is I wish you could unpin things .
deff good for tht boring day wen u need to be inspired ! ! !
Everyone needs a Pinterest , what are you waiting for ? !
Pinterest provides a great source of ideas for my next shoot .
Just hate that arrow they added with the update .
I don t have a problem with the upgrade .
I recommend this site for creative people !
Just discovered Pinterest and I can t stop using it !
I haven t had any problems with the iPad app .
I have absolutely no not_problems with not_this app !
There are issues with it , but I still love it ,
Can you please remove the scroll down thingy ! ? !
I can t use this app on my phone , cause I can t see anything ! ! !
Please takeaway the arrow in the middle of the photos .
I m on it everyday and I can t stop .
Please remove the scroll down box .
I hope it gets removed soon .
I LOVE Pinterest BUT this app is having problems , problems , problems .
I can t log in right now , and before that it would randomly stop working and/or shut down various times .
The scroll down to see other pins box needs to go .
You can t even see what it is that you clicked on to see !
I just downloaded the app for the first time and I also hate the arrow .
Please remove it right away so this app is fun to use again !
You wonder how did I get here and can I ever find my way back ?
Please fix this and fast .
IT IS SO ANNOYING since you can t fully see the images the way you would like because this watermark stamped in the middle and never not_leaves .
I ll miss it , but I like having my Ipad back !
Nikkij20 , love this app but like everyone is saying there is some stuff that needs to be fixed so please fix .
What happened ?
Love the ap but they have added this `` scroll down '' pop up that is very annoying and in the way of the pin .
If you have the app you know you can scroll down ! !
You can t view anything because of the scroll arrow .
I want to know who thought putting that DIRECTLY over the pin picture was a good idea ?
Please change it .
Please fix this !
I do personally think the scroll is a great idea that needs more fine tuning , but dang you people are hostile reviewers !
Only way to delete it all quickly was to delete the whole app and reinstall and re sign in .
I don t pay attention to my much larger iPad as I don t need to worry about space .
What dumb , ignorant , ridiculous force in this world would make you create that stupid arrow !
The only complaint I have with it is its random crashes .
Something that you all SERIOUSLY need to add to the app is the ability to search within what you ve already pinned .
I have literally THOUSANDS of pins now , and unfortunately create duplicate pins because I want something to be close to the top of my board for easier access when I need it .
Please fix this and the lame buggy crashes , and I ll be completely and utterly satisfied ! !
Please fix this problem ! ! ! ! ! !
Please remove ! ! ! !
Please fix this ! ! ! ! !
I can not not_look at the not_pin I intend to look at because this huge `` scroll down '' message is right in the middle of the screen .
I ve just closed out multiple times this week because the scroll thing is in the way ! ! !
If only I were smart enough to figure out how to get back to the previous version .
Its reallu good , but lately it crashes a lot .
Why is marking number of pins and number of likes the same ?
It takes a very long time when I need to log in or when I first open the app , and it crashes frequently if I press too many pictures without not_pausing in not_between .
What do I do on my work breaks ?
I need to do a massive clean up and would hate to re pin everything !
I never not_had a not_problem before ,
What is the point ?
Since I updated , I can t access anything .
This was my favorite app ever since the update it crashes and it doesn t allow me to log in .
Please remove this obstructive image ! !
I thought it was only temporary so I got completely out of the app for a whole day .
Fix it , please .
Who thought a scroll down button on top of a pin was a good idea ?
Please please hurry up and fix the bugs !
Please remove this feature .
I am unable to see anything .
Please remove it !
Every time I unlike something the App crashes .
Who s idea was that : ( ( ( that one made me really happy I say bring it bad and you can have you five stars ,
Why can t you just leave a good thing alone .
It needs something to cover up the pictures . ''
Why do we have the new square with the arrow that tells us to scroll down to see like posts ?
I know how to use the search feature , don t need the arrow ! !
Why can t Pinterest be like Facebook and store the usage on the website instead of your iPod or iPhone because I have almost no not_space on my not_iPod can you please do this , but I do really like Pinterest that is where I spend all of my time on my iPod .
\\nThere are still issues with the app randomly closing , especially when opening a browser within the build .
Please remove the arrow , it s obnoxious .
I can pull it Pinterest up on my laptop and its fine but on my phone pics won t load it s just blank or black or some strange color please fix it the update messed it up ! !
It would be nice if there was an easier way to reorganize pins in my board .
for example I originally just had a board for food now I wish that I could split it into meals an desserts but it takes FOREVER to do it .
Pinterest is nothing BUT scrolling down , we don t need a reminder that blocks the current pin we are trying to view .
Please remove the arrow reminding me to scroll down for related pins .
Why would Pinterest choose to then put a giant scroll down arrow right on top of the image ?
Please remove that arrow .
Juanita248 , Telling me once that there are relatable pins is all the info I need .
Now every time I try and save a picture it won t show up in my album on my phone ( everywhere else it works fine ) or the app stays loading , freezes then crashes .
Why fix something if it wasn t broken ?
Love Pinterest , but the app needs some work .
So then you end up never not_finding the not_pin you needed for your project .
Since I am unable to view pins normally , I click on them to open a new screen .
Please get rid of the stupid arrow I can t even look at the picture !
The app is great otherwise , I just hate this new aggravating addition .
Please take that big ugly box away .
Take it away , please .
Do not not_like the not_obnoxious arrow , please get rid of it ! !
Love everything else , just dump the arrow .
Please remove this is making me want to stop using the app .
Why did you have to mess it up with that annoying arrow in the middle of the screen ?
Please fix it !
Loose the recently added Scroll Down Arrow .
Please fix it ASAP !
The `` scroll down to see more pins '' box is the dumbest idea in the world , you can t see and/ or read whatever it is because of the dumb black box in the way ! ! !
It is perfect for anything you could want !
I love the app I have made so many creations ,
Only thing I can see that it s missing is that you don t know if someone commented on a post or replied to a comment .
It needs to go away .
They should be fired !
Shouldn t have updated & amp ; I don t know how to get the old version back .
Please please please get rid of the arrow that says scroll down to see similar pins .
That ridiculous arrow needs to be removed .
I try pinning stuff or liking & amp ; not not_available for me to not_view later .
I love Pinterest , in obsessed with it but one thing I wish it had was an option so that you can select certain pins so that you can put them in another category in case you have messed up or wanted to divide the category even more now , instead of having to repin it again .
Please fix this !
Yes , I know how to get rid of it , but it needs to be fixed .
It is soo handy , it gives so many ideas plus is very easy to use .
I just love it ! ! !
I wish there was a way to go back to the previous version .
Keeps kicking me off and I need to keep going back in , but it won t let me do much before being kicked off again .
To everyone who s frustrated by the `` scroll down '' pop up that s blocking the pictures , all u need to do is tap it and let it show you the new feature and it will go away forever .
Please please please do something to fix this if you can !
We know how to use the interface .
We don t need the obtrusive arrow .
Fix it immediately , please .
Please remove the huge arrow that blocks you from seeing , reading , and enjoying what is the essence of Pinterest ! ! !
I appreciated the information on my initial use of this revised version but it creates a terribly irritating user experience for the app when that continues to appear on every single pin that s opened thereafter .
Please take it off ! ! ! ! !
When you go to a source from a pin it crashes on my iPad ALL THE TIME .
It crashes far to often .
Also has issues locating the names of boards when trying to pin items .
Why is there no not_setting to not_display pins in a single column ?
Please at least fix the speed .
So many awesome ideas to find and a great way to keep them all in an organized manner to use later when I need them !
Please fix this problem .
I assume this is a bug in the update .
Please please please help .
I can t figure out how to get it to go away .
Please remove/fix it .
We all know how to see related pins .
I LOVE Pinterest , but the app crashes ALL the time .
I can t log in whether its with Facebook or with my\\nPinterest login .
We need a way to be able to tag friends when we find things that we think they may like .
Please fix it !
This app is fine but the crashing is getting soooo annoying , especially when I m in the middle of pinning something , it crashes and I end up losing that pin !
Literally , gave my self 10 minutes to pin some pics to a certain board , and between the app crashing , not not_scrolling not_down all the way unless to refresh and them scroll alllllll the way down first , and still having your pins `` liked '' even though you had `` unliked '' them pretty much made me quit using Pinterest .
It helps me plan a lot of projects and inspires me to get crafty .
Guys will love the gift ideas that will be meaningful , girls will love the tips to beautify everything .
I tried to do the latest update and it will not not_update the not_app .
Annab15hdb , I updated the app and the scroll down to see related whatevers thin is always in the way of what u r trying to see and it won t go away ! ! !
It d be even more awesome though if we could have folders in our boards so we can find our pins easier .
For example on my recipes board we could have folders with breakfast , dessert , supper , etc . instead of having to search out pins forever or creating too many boards ,
It constantly crashes , the scroll down to see similar pins reminder won t go away , the app locks up when trying to save images to your phone and when it doesn t , the image doesn t even save .
Please make this go away !
Current version gives a grey icon showing to scroll down and you can t look at the item without not_opening it not_completely !
Please remove the scroll down to view related posts .
But why oh why did you out that semi transparent scroll down bar over every pin ?
And to those of you giving this app a bad review , it could be your phone because ive had no not_problems with the not_updates .
App needs to be quicker with less not_crashing .
It crashes so much more then it used to .
whenever I try to pin something on to certain boards it crashes and I lose the pin !
EFCfan10 , The app is awful , it never not_works not_right and freezes constantly !
If I weren t for the fact that it crashes on a regular basis , this would be a perfect app .
Why would they do that ? ?
Please take it away !
Please add this feature ! ! ! ! ! !
Please add a search feature so we can search for something within our personal boards and pins .
Please remove the `` scroll down to see related pins '' button !
Def wish the new scroll down for similar pins was not not_there and not_wish you could search your pins instead of just searching by board .
Also wish if a pin was reported as span , it be removed instead of informing me when I try to read it after i pinned it .
I too have not not_been not_able to log in with the last couple updates .
There are a few pins I d like to make from outside sites , but I can t. Still like the app there is a lot to look at , but it s frustrating that it crashes so frequently .
The one thing I do no not_like not_is that it crashed pretty frequently and closes the app .
Would give five stars if there were an easy way to upload my iPhone photos to my boards .
Which is why I m so ANGRY that I can t load pictures without the not_app not_crashing .
I use Pinterest everyday and I am thankful that you have created an app for people to use on their phones .
But the app always kicks me off , repins things twice , freezes , or is unable to log me in because of `` error : there is a problem on our end '' .
Please remove the scroll down to see similar pins feature .
I can log in fine on the website so I m not not_sure not_what the problem is .
I created a Pinterest account on my PC first and became completely addicted !
I want to enjoy the pin but can t ! ! !
I keep getting a message that I can t open the Pinterest website through the app .
Is doesn t make any sense it just blocks the image !
Is there a way I can move pins within my folders to better group them ?
; ) I don t like how it crashes though : ( ,
It s almost an addiction for me , but you just did an update and now an arrow pops up and tells me to scroll down for similar pins .
please get rid of it ! ! !
I just wish there was a way to drag a pin from one board to another without not_re not_pinning it to the new board and deleting it from the old .
I think there should be an option to organize what you have liked under a category ... such as beauty/food/DIY because when you go to look for something In particular it takes forever to find because you liked so many things .
I m new to this so if there is a way than forgive me ... maybe I need to make a secret board ?
Tempted to delete the app now because of this epic fail .
I don t know what they did when they updated this app but the scroll down for similar posts on every pin is obnoxious .
Please remove this !
Everyone should have this .
The only improvement I can suggest is a way to search your own pins .
R0peman , The iPad app crashes regularly .
Please take off the `` scroll down for related pins '' crap !
App is good when it works but I find it crashes a lot and sometimes I can t see any pins .
I would rate it but can t login even after updating and restarting , PINTEREST how hard is it to get it right ?
Can you try to fix this bug .
I recommend it to everyone !
But don t like that one can t search in specific topics .
It s a great thing to look at when you re bored .
I used to be able to tap the Pinterest logo or the `` following '' button on the bottom left to scroll to the top of the screen but ever since I downloaded the new version I can t !
Never fail to find interesting things to keep me busy .
I can t use it for more than 5 minutes before it crashes .
It is the only App that I have problems with .
Developers : Please take this app to the next level ! !
I love all the ideas that are share in this app .
My boards make me happy and feel like something I have created , but with so little effort I don t feel I can take the credit .
\\nDoes crash a lot .
The one big issue I have is it just crashes and sometimes can t get the subject area I want .
It works fast , and I just love Pinterest !
These ideas are pretty cool . ''
There are so many good ideas and recipes on here .
But when an update was done , you now have to manually scroll up .
Please change this back and I will rate y all 5 stars .
The app is easy to use and always available for me to search for things quickly .
Love Pinterest , it provides hours of Discovery and Common Subject Interest with Countless users !
I like the layout and ease of this app , but the current version crashes often and takes forever to load !
Sometimes the app crashes , usually trying to show me a big pin .
The only issue I have is that it keeps closing the app when I open a link to see the original page .
For example if you need to whip up quick recipes but have limited ingredients , guaranteed that if you put those ingredients in a search , recipes will come up !
Just like the website .
I love it but it crashes : / please fix ,
Never had any problems with it .
Would be nice if you could edit pins once you ve pinned tho ,
The latest update made it more user friendly .
The only reason it is not not_5 not_stars is because the links constantly crash on iPad !
I think it would be great if you could manage all your boards and pins by dragging from one to another and being able to delete some on that same dragging page .
I love how everything is here .
Just wish they d improve the app .
Sometimes fails but no not_big not_deal !
I need a pintervention ! !
Not able to do that anymore , so you have to manually scroll back to the top .
I like that you guys fixed the typing bug that s great .
\\nBefore I liked that I could select save and go back to surfing other Pins..but now you have to wait to save a picture .
: ) But they NEED to make the repin button bigger .
Only problem I have is app crashes about every 5 or 6 pins .
The only problem I ve experienced is occasional difficulties is saving some of the images .
I m not not_sure not_if that is a Pinterest issue or my phone .
So many fun and great ideas for almost anything , this app is truly addicting !
Such an amazing idea to create a place to visually store anything and everything you see online .
Never have had any issues with it loading or crashing .
Just wish there was a way you could pin from iPhone web browser !
The only problem is my iPhone seems to shut it off all the time .
There are great ideas on this app and its useful !
it would be awesome if this could be fixed ,
What happened to the `` Following '' tab ?
I have no not_problems .
I love Pinterest but since the format has been changed it is constantly crashing on me .
Why must you be so addicting ?
There are such great ideas on it !
The app crashes sometimes , but overall it s good .
I have made a doormat and chalkboard off of pins that I saw .
I ve never not_had not_problems with this app , it s very user friendly but has crashed on occasion .
Love all the great ideas , but how is this invitation thing work ?
Love , love , love this you can t go wrong with this FREE app =D ,
But since the latest update its annoying .
To refresh the home Pinterest board you have to scroll all the way back to the top .
I highly recommend Pinterest !
You can create a vision board of anything you like to do , places to go around the world , home improvement ideas , favorite eateries , fitness exercises , recipes , etc . it very easy to use .
My wife was using Pinterest for some time and told me about it , so I created an account , began to check out the site , and I must say that I am hooked on it also !
The second is that I am unable to tag friends in pins on my phone .
This has been an issue in spite of any updates that have come along .
I just open the app , search the product and 9 times out of 10 a fabulous idea pops up .
I highly recommend this app .
\\n\\nI have even made a `` pin '' friend .
I ve never not_had not_any problem ,
There are so many amazing ideas out there and projects to try there s simply not not_enough not_time in the world .
It has some creative & amp ; practical ideas that are perfect for my family & amp ; home !
I love pinterest , but the app crashes constantly ( especially right after finding an awesome pin you will probably never not_find not_again ) ! ! !
I was logged out of Pinterest and now I can t log back in !
The app is growing and will work out some of the bugs .
Having access to Pinterest on your phone is awesome , though this app needs work .
, says server is unavailable , and simply needs more features / abilities .
The updates have added neat new features , but the stability of the app has yet to be fixed .
( As wonderfully consuming as the web version is , it still needs a lot more work too .
It is fun & amp ; informative in a lot of ways , BUT it needs updating or tweaking , because it gets VERY frustrating when it constantly shuts down , and kicks you off .
I recommend this app .
Can t stop looking and then it crashes over and over ,
The app is cool , some crashes sometimes , but it s rare .
I wish there was a way to better organize our boards , alphabetized or something .
It just sometimes doesn t load ) : it makes me sad ,
Pin s there when I need a few moments of creative inspiration .
It s a great app but it does have problems logging in sometimes .
Just have to learn how to sift through the crap that just lead you to lame websites .
I can t stop pinning ,
It seems to crash a lot and close on my iPod but I still love it !
I also gather home help aids to update my house .
I do love Pinterest so this rating may be slightly biased , but this app is really great .
Pinterest is by far my favorite app , but the newest upgrade has made it to where I have to open it twice before anything will load .
Planning a wedding on a serious budget and there are so many great ideas to help ! !
Love pinning so much but sooo sick of it crashing ! !
How did I live without not_this not_app ?
Never have any issues with this app .
Now I need an app to find more time in the day to do all the great crafts and create all those meals I find on Pinterest ,
Sometimes had issues in the past and it was a bit frustrating .
However it seems to crash quite a bit , I don t believe it is user error .
Easy to navigate an scroll through menus and I always find what I need !
There are so many ideas for everything ! ! !
I m so addicted to it , I can t live without it ! ! !
My only problem is that it will occasionally just shut down out of nowwhere , other than that , it s great .
Has great ideas for anything you could ever want to do and didn t know you wanted to do .
How did our lives exist before ?
I enjoy seeing what s new and pretty and available !
4 stars bc the app is good but it crashes a lot .
However , I d like to see a feature added that gives a user the ability to `` search '' their own pins/likes for quicker referencing .
I just love pintrist it s so much and full of so many cool things .
A unique app that may just squelch the phrase you can t please all the people all the time .
I find the I Pad App does not not_always not_work correctly , shuts down numerous times while I am browsing .
Great app but it needs greater control over your account .
I love the way you can create albums , but i wish you could move things easily from one album to the other .
I also wish the categories or search fields were slightly more specific or perhaps that there were subcategories inder each category for example a well designed kitchen is it `` architecture '' design '' or `` home decor '' ?
I really enjoy Pinterest , except it crashes too frequently , especially on my iPhone .
I m working my way through making my pins , but I keep adding more .
We are planning a destination wedding .
Do you want to just have time to yourself without not_all the not_rude comments and it just be all about you for once ?
Love it but it crashes sometimes ,
The only problem I have with it is that it tends to crash frequently .
Once you start you can t stop !
Other times I just get kicked out .
It s addicting and you get so many ideas from Pinterest : ) highly recommend this site to the do it yourselfers as well !
If you think you may want to know how to do something , be inspired , search for ideas or figure out what to make for dinner , it s all here .
I wish it would tell me if I have already pinned something .
Now if I can just find the money to put all these ideas to work ?
If you love the full version of Pinterest online you ll love the app just as much !
Can someone help me ?
I love being creative but sometimes just need a little help !
Best thing I decided when I added this app : ) very few problems and awesome .
So many great ideas and things on here recommend it to everyone to check it out .
I love pinterest but the App is not not_working , not_after using It like 10 minutes It crashes ,
It s amazing how much time you can spend using it .
Works just as well as the full version , and I love having info wherever I need it , like a recipe etc !
Sure , I can spend a long time on this app because it is definitely very entertaining , but I think it s actually worth the time because it s productive !
I have learned how to make so many things , fix many things , cook many things , bake many things , I have learned amazing beauty tips , and great workout routines ! !
Why not not_take the not_obsession on the go ! ?
The ideas are great and so useful .
The more people that know about it the more ideas that are there .
Plus , it provides you with all the tools and avenues to share your passions with thousands of other pin aholics !
It crashes every once in a while , but overall it s a very great app !
I use it mostly for recipes I have a ton saved but if I m interested in finding a recipe for something else , I just type it in the a search bar and there it is !
Much needed inspiration !
If you don t have it , you need to get it !
, Love pinterest , but the iPad app crashes every time I use it .
My only complaint is that it crashes frequently and then you have to restart from where you were at the beginning of your search .
I wish this bug could be sorted out .
I recommend Pinterest to all of my creative friends .
I love it but wish it wouldn t crash so much .
I just love this app !
The new ideas are endless and always fabulous : ) I also appreciate the frequent updates that keep everything running smoothly .
It crashes every 3 minutes .
Only problem I have is there s no way to not_jump to not_where you ve previously been .
Would be nice to be able to search for your friends on the app .
Just wish I could have the option to view as a slideshow or swipe to the next image when I want to look through all my photos .
Please add search capabilities within categories .
Also , could you add a
I have noticed an increase in spamming , so it would be nice to calm down that nonsense .
My main concern is that there is no not_easy not_way on the app to move a pin from one board to another without not_repinning and not_deleting .
Printable craft & amp ; coloring pages , tips on Motherhood and how to fix almost anything to name just a few ideas .
I still think its fabulous but I have been experiencing the site freezing up when I m searching or it just closes down and then I loose the info that I was looking at .
There are really good ideas & amp ; beautiful pics ?
I like the app , it would be nice for faster loading on boards and likes not to not_mention have not_them in order when organizing the boards .
Such a great place to find whatever you re looking for !
All my software and apps are up to date , but it frequently crashes .
I simply wish there was a way to protect my privacy on there .
\\nI m very visual and thus method of bookmarking is awesome !
Not one crash so far .
Can we get more ?
Thank you thank you thank you ! ! !
One of the greatest apps ever when i start I can not not_stop not_?
It s impossible to return to the exact spot you were before the app crashed .
The app also crashes on me .
What happened to the ability to hit the Pinterest logo on the top of my screen when viewing `` following , '' and have it automatically scroll back up to the top so that I can refresh ?
Would be nice to move your pins from one of your boards to another without not_actually not_having to re pin .
This place is so awesome for getting ideas from how to decorate your home to how to do your hair and make up .
I use this app every day it works great and I never have not_problems with it not_\\nIf you haven t yet download it !
Decorating ideas for the holidays are awesome .
Everything I need all in one place !
The only problem is you can t edit your profile from the app .
Please never not_go not_away ! ! ! ! !
You should have this app .
It s a lot easier on the computer , and there are things you can t do with this app .
But all the same it s nice to have it when there isn t a computer available .
Only problem i have is that it will sometimes close itself down while I m pinning , and thats super annoying .
It has single handily helped me learn how to cook .
I can figure out how to clean just about anything ,
If you are bored , looking for inspiration , or need a craft idea look no not_further !
As dramatic as it may sound , I don t know how I made it in this world without not_Pinterest .
If I need a recipe , I can find one with no not_problem !
I m so glad I didn t get married before Pinterest because the ideas are extensive .
There is so much I could say but one just needs to explore the app to be instantly hooked !
It s a great idea to be able to `` pin '' on the go on my iPhone , but not a not_reality .
But it crashes all the time and pins don t load very fast .
Occasional crashing but it s still worth it .
Easy to find what I need .
Or just sparks ideas .
How could I live without not_Pinterest not_?
It does become addicting but hey you need to do something in your free time .
Just one problem it crashes sometimes !
I also like that you are now able to edit pins .
Biggest complaint is crashes all the time on my iPad ! !
Please fix it !
Constantly crashes !
I like how it layers with windows , so you can open something then go back to where you were .
This app does everything that you could ask of it .
Gives great ideas and usually the pictures take you to a link where it shows you how to do it and/or where you re able to buy the stuff .
I have not not_had not_any problems out of it at all ! ! !
Everything you need to go above and beyond !
No need to tear anything out of a magazine .
Never had a problem with it !
I would rate higher but it crashes a lot !
And is all save on the category I created .
If I want to know about a subject I just search , and others have done all the work for me , the information I need s right there .
Or , if I m searching the web and find something that I want to save or remember , I just pin it , and its mine .
Beware : you will spend a lot of time on this app !
If I need a recipe or an idea I go to pinterest !
I love being able to find all these wonderful ideas easily and organize them in a way that is best for me .
The find friends feature could be available ,
One of the best apps available !
Crashing on first generation iPad love the app wish I would view for more then a few minutes ... This has happened only since I updated , needed the update but sad now that I can only use it for a few minutes .
s mom , Love everything ab it from fun craft ideas to how to decorate your home .
Does what you expect and I have no not_issues with it !
I wish there was a way you could pin photos from your phone with the app .
The only thing is I have not not_figured not_out how to pin something while using the Pinterest app on my iPad .
This app crashes a lot on my iPad .
I loooove the app i just wish the fix the bugs when it just kicks u out of the app .
\\nOnly problem I have had is that sometimes it can t fetch the pins .
Do wish it had a `` more '' button to view more pins once you scroll through the first page to match the website but other than that it s fantastic ,
Favorite pastime ... great recipes , many do it yourself and how to s !
It is a pretty good app , but it crashes from time to time .
I wish the app had more built in support so that I could use a bookmark on the mobile phone to pin new pictures from the web .
It works well on my iphone but crashes a lot on my ipad !
And I can store them all here and come back to them when I need them .
So handy for when I m at the Groc store , I can just pull up a fav recipe to make sure I have all the ingredients I need !
This app has made my Pinterest addiction much easier to feed !
Not sure why the app crashes so often on my iPad .
Love filing away ideas so I can access them whenever I need quick access to them !
It has freed up my magazine budget , I don t need to purchase magazines anymore .
Love Pinterest , but this version has some issues .
Fun app but it needs to work as well as the web site .
Only problem I have ever had is that it will crash every so often .
Not that I need to spend any additional time on Pintrest .
If a link has an issue it will not not_take you not_there , which is great so you don t end up with a computer virus .
But adding a new pin from a website is cumbersome .
Would be nice if an option to `` Pin to Pinterest '' was given when clicking a page s Add Or Share button .
& lt ; 3 daily need ! ! !
There are so many wonderful ideas that I get off of here !
I just wish there was a way/I could figure out how to create a new pin from Safari or cut and paste a link into a tool within the app to create a new pin that way .
The one thing I would like to see are some other buttons such as , I made this , I tried this recipe and it was great , I would make it again , I wouldn t make it again , this worked , this didn t. I know the comment section works for this but buttons other than pin and like would be neat .
The only thing is I wish that some of the non working links could be removed .
, Best app to use when you need inspiration for anything in life .
What did we do without not_Pinterest not_before ?
you will crash every few minutes w this app on the ipad .
i rarely not_crash on my not_iphone , but the ipad app crashes every few minutes .
I like how you can browse for just about anything , from the program .
I.e. , you don t need to scroll all the way back up to top .
\\nThe program DOES crash from time to time .
Totally fun app you can find anything here !
But sometimes it crashes for no not_reason .
I recommend it to all my friends !
It s awful and needs to be fixed ,
Either way it s a win win situation .
Got a pin from a grind and can t figure how to see the picture better ! !
The ideas are endless .
One complaint would be the app crashes when you try to pin from your photos or take a photo to pin .
Love it except for when it crashes and I lose the pin I was looking at .
Addicting you are being forewarned , do not not_open not_unless you have a few hours to spare .
Always crashing even though they make me do multiple updates to `` fix '' the problem .
Never have a problem with it ,
What did I do for inspiration before Pinterest ?
My hubby thinks it should be called obsessed instead of Pinterest .
Just about anything you want to try , you can find it here !
I think you guys should make it so you can add a folder inside a folder .
How do I find the other stuff I pinned ?
I use this app daily and rarely have a not_problem with it !
Love Pinterest but I have to use Safari to access a lot because this app crashes .
They need to make an option to search in your own boards instead of having to scroll through the entire board to find what you re looking for ,
It s so addicting and so easy that even someone like me who doesn t like social media sites can use it and use it frequently ,
\\nI think you need to add a section for support groups for Pinterest addicts like me .
I don t think you could ask for much more .
What s the point if I can t login ?
There are tons of ideas you can use one here ,
Only reason I didn t give 5 is that it still crashes pretty frequently ,
I can t stop pinning .
Crashes all the time recently ! !
But the new update seems to be causing a frequent error for me when I try to pin something .
The app crashes a lot but other then that it s fine ,
I just love everything about it .
Highly recommend this to anyone .
Works well for the most part but crashes sometimes .
I like that it never not_crashes on me and not_being able to browse is so easy ,
I have made many of the great recipes tried a lot of the home remedies etc ,
I love Pinterest , but the app seems to crash a lot and has some glitches especially with the new update .
Everything is great , I love Pinterest , but you used to be able to go back to the top of the page by tapping the Pinterest logo , now you can t do that .
I would like to have that fiture back .
Great , I recommend it to all my friends .
Dont need them with pintrest .
Highly recommend this app .
Everyone should have this app .
Love it so much that I may be addicted to it .
If you need inspiration for anything ... just
\\nThere are lots of awesome pins whenever I need an idea I go to Pinterest .
There are such great ideas on here .
I love to get ideas and just search the web ,
Even though they just redesigned it would have been nice if they put a `` pages '' feature for the boards .
I love Pinterest , however sometimes I receive error message and can t login on iPad/iPhone which is annoying .
My kids were using my computer and I needed to find a pin about hanging thing using painters tape .
There are so many great ideas , but when I get kicked off , I can t seem to find the items i was looking at and that s frustrating .
Please fix the problem .
I m using my iPad when it crashes .
So addictive and such a great website to be on when you need a break !
You must get this app !
It s like organizing thoughts , recipes , fashion , crafts , and cleaning tips to have at your fingertips whenever you need them .
I can t stop pinning !
I look here first when I want to know how to do something .
Please fix this glitch , thank you !
Now I just pin it !
The app does have some issues from time to time ... and it can be difficult to follow and download things even from the iPhone .
If you don t Pinterest , then you must be a caveman !
Really great app and easy to use , really like how I can use it on my iPad wherever I go !
I have not not_had not_any problems .
LOVE pinterest , but this app has been crashing on iPad non stop since update .
Love how u can create your own board from others pins .
My only complaint , which I believe is a first generation IPad problem , is I get kicked out of if often .
I just enjoy all the DIY projects in there .
I love this app never have not_problems with it !
They are all here on Pinterest .
Very intuitive and never have a not_problem with it not_crashing .
So easy to use even if you only have a few minutes to fill .
Only part of current update that I don t like is that they removed the logo take you to the top of your stream you have to scroll back up now .
However , the iPad app crashes a ton , but the iPhone app is more reliable .
Love having the Pinterest app I m always on it and don t have too many problems with it !
I ve used it to look up a recipe while in the grocery store so I knew what I needed .
I wish I could have the ability to block a few people ... especially a woman who took most every pin I posted ( 1,000 s ) and a few creepy men with porn problems .
I do not not_like not_everyone knowing what I pin .
Though there are still a few bugs .
Like how the images don t show up , and sometimes it crashes and closes out .
Even the website has bugs , like the images not not_loading or not_appearing when you click on them .
Either way it s still an awesome app and website !
This app is a great idea I didn t understand why everyone was so excited about it before , but it is addicting .
\\n\\nIt gives me a quick boost of humor when I need it .
Guys please fix this issue !
Pinterest is where I go for all of my fashion ideas , holiday crafts , travel info , and where I planned my future wedding ... and so much more .
It s a good app but it keeps kicking me out sporadically but when I log back in there are a LOT of new pins added so its probably a usage issue .
Every mom needs to be on this !
Ideas are endless ! ! ! !
Lots of fun planning for anything you need i.e . home decorating , weddings , parties , etc . ,
Making dinner just got a lot more interesting .
It crashes occasionally , but it s always at a time to tell me go to bed .
There are many different ideas on here for various things .
Great ideas , although I need more money for all the things I want to do ! !
It also would be nice to see who someone pinned their pin from like you can on the computer without not_clicking in it .
Toooo many ideas to handle OR remember so having my own boards is a terrific resource .
As an elementary school teacher , I highly recommend it for getting ideas alone .
Add into the mix all the other fun stuff you can get with this app , and it makes it even better !
It helps me get motivated to be fit and healthy , finds me recipes for my picky eater of a husband , helps me find cures for my acne prone face , helps me find ideas on new hair styles that I can show my stylist when I see her , helps me figure out how to use products that I have bought but have no not_clue not_how to use , makes me laugh , finds words for what I m going through in life , helps me see that I m not the only one not_who has a not_crazy pet , and just over all helps me become more Martha that I want to become ! ! !
Love this app once you start you can not not_stop ! ! !
There are so many great idea s on pintrest love this App I recommend it to everyone ,
I like it however , it could be better with more categories to look at ,
Long time Pinterest user just making the move to the smartphone app .
But honey , you need to work out your bugs .
Please fix this .
Highly recommend it ,
I really recommend trying this app !
I use it almost everyday when I need some creative inspiration .
Every girl needs one ,
I love Pinterest , but I wish they would come up with an app that doesn t crash so much .
Why do I love an app that crashes so often ?
How much more would I love it if I could search just one of my own boards and not the not_entire not_universe of pinners ?
The only thing I don t like is that u are not not_able to not_see the pins of the followers or the wines u fallow now instead u can only explore everything .
Every girl needs this app ! !
Pinterest , please fix this ASAP !
Very addicting and there are great ideas on here .
It gives me a smile and a laugh when I need it .
The update is cool but what happened to the feature where you tap the Pinterest button at the top , to automatically go back to the top , as opposed to scrolling ?
I don t have to click on the entry if I don t want to .
It should be renamed Pin ssible !
I am often sitting at an appointment waiting to be seen , or just watching my Grandson play , when I decide to escape to what we call at our house , `` Pintrest World '' , visiting exotic places , trying new foods , yet all the while , doing DIY projects in between each new place I visit !
She is learning how to cook both from myself , & amp ; Pintrest .
Love the ideas and its so easy to used only problem is the amount of time I spend looking around .
I just love this app .
Only issue is the minor crashing here and there when the app closes on its own .
I need more time in the day ! !
The app runs great , but all these updates and you still can t tag someone on the mobile device .
Great app , never have a not_problem not_: ) ,
Updates have made a big difference .
For people like me who like to have a new project every 5 seconds , it is so fun !
I advise people against using Pinterest , but they see how much I love it and want the same drug ... Just say NO ! ! ! !
No need to even use the web version anymore !
But it needs to be fixed .
It crashes ,
We would be missing out on so much .
So many new things to try healthy recipes , projects for the house it s crazy what you can learn/find on here ! ! !
Fabulous site , use it everyday when i am looking for a new project for the holidays or just something to do ! ! ! ! !
I recommend it for anyone and everyone !
Once you start you can t stop .
But I would like to know how to read the comments ?
Kind of wish there was a way I could edit my profile and profile pic from app , but that s the only problem so I m not not_conplaining .
I only wish there was a way to cut down on the duplicate posts .
I can also plan my future wedding to whoever I may marry & gt ; .
Pinterest is awesome and addictive , and although the latest app upgrades have made significant improvements , there are still many things you can do on the website that you can not not_do on the not_app .
My iPad app crashes a lot but still worth it .
What are you guys I secure or something you have to keep asking ?
I recommend this app to any crafty person .
I love it but sometimes it crashes but I still use it ,
Fun as a diversion or when I need to know how to do something .
Just like the full site browser version .
I love this web has all what I need , and more .
However , it crashes fairly often usually right when I m really eager to see something .
But I ll warn u now , u might become addicted !
My only complaint is that you can t search within a category .
Very rarely not_does it not_crash .
The app is good but it doesn t have the same features as the web site and it crashes a lot , almost every time I try to go to a web site through a pin it crashes .
Pinterest allows you to easily access your personalized boards ( even secret ones ) and provides a great resource for all the information you need ( links ) at your fingertips .
It helps me find recipes , decorating ideas , great sayings & amp ; sometimes it just takes me away !
There are so many great ideas and the ability to save in categories .
I ve ran my Internet up on my phone on this app lol I can t stay away from Pinterest ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I love pinterest..the ideas are fantastic ! ! !
However I wish you could arrange pins with in a board .
The creative ideas are endless .
My only compliant is that it just randomly crashes !
Quick to pull up pages and won t put them in a browser so you have to reopen the original app .
I love pinterest but I have a first gen iPad and it crashes constantly .
The app crashes sometimes to , and it takes a while to load sometimes too .
I love this app , but it needs a few minor changes .
I am thinking that there really isn t any reason to ever think that something has not not_been not_thought of !
When I start pinning , liking & amp ; repining , I just can t stop !
Yes , it s addicting , because there s so much information available .
Only problem is that it causes me to waste lots of time : ) ,
It helps me zone out when i need a break .
My only problem is that it keeps kicking me off every 5 10 minutes .
Wish inappropriate language and Picts could be separated from the good so we don t have to see them .
I just needed that extra push !
The only thing is sometimes I can t see all the pins on a board and I can t pin when I m online .
Is there any way to install a pin it button on my phone ?
I can find out how to do so many things .
Whenever I m bored the first thing I always think is Pinterest !
I love it except I can t pin from a website like I can on a computer .
The update seems to have reintroduced the bugginess that was a problem in the first few versions of this app .
There really are so many ideas for so many different things to do .
It hasn t failed me yet .
So many great ideas that I can t believe I never not_thought of !
Great app be careful you will spend ur whole day on it without not_realizing it !
Now you have to scroll all the way back up .
You need something , look for it and pin it ! ! !
Way addicting and on this more than FB\\nThey could do some improvements , like you can t repin over and over ,
It s such a great idea and has been helpful so many times !
Kdog324 , I need Pintrest rehab .
I do wish you would tell us when we already pinned something so we don t have doubles of things .
The only complaint is that if you post something on one board you can not not_move it to not_another without not_repinning .
I wish that you could move things around within your boards .
This was a great idea by whoever started it .
Before the latest update it wouldn t save any pictures now after I updated it , it freezes every time I save .
I recommend it to all ! !
I just love it !
Thank you so much for creating it and making it available !
You must go through whole site to find what you are looking for\\nI love this app & amp ; addicted ,
This app is helpful for any category you need help in !
Great info available ,
I have found the app to be very user friendly for both iPad and iPhones ( 4 & amp ; 5 ) and have not not_had not_problems .
Please don t get this or you will need a 12 step program to break free ! !
I created a whole album for this !
Everything you need to know in one place ,
Just get it .
Why don t you have this yet ?
There are amazing ideas for everything .
It has everything you need !
I love Pinterest I can spend hours and hours on here just looking up ideas for everything and anything .
Luv how some pins lead you to actual sites that you can purchase from ! ! !
I am very slow to accepting new technology and after I just had my last baby , I find that I am constantly entertaining myself with Pinterest during feedings .
Sometimes it freaks out and says no not_pins not_available but you actually do .
There are soooooo many good ideas and diys .
And I HATE that you re choosing for me who I m really following .
I highly recommend it if you haven t checked it out .
There is no not_end to the not_boards you can create or the ideas you can pin to them .
I try to pin them , which seems okay , but when I `` unlike them '' my app crashes .
Over all I just love the idea of being able to gather and collecting pics of interests and not not_having it not_take up physical room .
On my iPhone 5 it will either open and just load forever on the Pinterest page or it will fail to log in .
Amazing app I can spend all day on it but I agree with some people it needs more categories and for me that is the one missing star .
Pinterest is an addiction and the app just helps it !
Please fix this .
Everything you ve ever wanted to learn how to do is right here .
The newest version of the app has problems .
When I go to resin something , often the repinning box either doesn t show up at all or shows up but moves so far down on the screen that you can t get to your boards .
I can find anything I am looking for ?
Great app but still has some bugs to be worked out .
I love this app great ideas for dinner makes meal planning so much easier so many ideas that could be shared across people , fantastic idea !
It has crashed quite a lot , & amp ; it bugs me that if I go through a Pinterest wormhole & amp ; start clicking on things , when I try to go back and keep scrolling through my list , it will send me to the top .
I need Pinterest rehab .
There is nothing I would change about it expect it needs a couple bug fixes but other than that , I LOVE it ! ! ! ! ! !
You tend to have to scroll far or wait a month to find something new ,
It would be nice if the spot of the page I was just on would still be there after I navigate back from looking at a pin .
I love to waste time browsing silly , animal pictures , looking at the latest fashions , guilting myself into working out and how to accomplish it when I get around to it .
There is no not_other not_way to scout out good meals that I ve enjoyed more than Pinterest .
Sometimes when I unlike pins , the app crashes .
I really like having the Pinterest app but since I did the last update I hate that I have to scroll all the way back to the top and can t just tap the Pinterest label like I used to .
It is random when it crashes .
But one problem I ve been noticing lately since I last updated is that on very long pins , it doesn t show the box that you choose what board you want to pin it to .
While I love the Idea of this app , it crashes ALL the time .
It would be nice if this could be fixed , = ) ,
Best site around no not_need to not_go to several different sites they are all here and have great knowledge .
You have to get it .
Just need to fix those hiccups and it would be marvelous ! ! !
The inspiration , ideas , and entertainment I receive from Pinterest is absolutely invaluable .
I keep myself occupied for hours just scrolling and planning new dinners with these awesome recipes I find .
I just love it .
Occasionally crashes if on too long , love it otherwise !
Just tap repin on anything u love ! ! !
Everything I never not_knew not_I needed to see or know .
My only problem is it crashes often .
I absolutely love Pinterest and the app is very easy to use but I have been having problems with the app crashing on me on a regular basis .
Please fix it .
I really like this app , but it crashes a lot , and can be quite laggy .
The one flaw this app has is that it will occasionally fail to load , but exiting out and back in is an easy fix to an occasional problem .
Once I figured out how to navigate the site I loved it !
Effective is the big word here .
I highly recommend the DIY section .
There are so many great ideas !
Great ideas that are easy to share and fun .
I have also had problems when pinning images that are long .
However with the most recent update you Have to manually scroll to the top of the page .
I haven t really had any problems with it so I am gon na give 5 stars !
It fails about 30 % of the time .
Love it everyone should have this ! !
I ve got my wedding planned already ... and I m not even not_engaged .
Things that make you want to say , `` why haven t I thought of that ? ''
I just love this site ,
Now I will say it loads slowly sometimes and will crash very rarely not_( not_PLEASE fix that someone ! ! ! ! )
I would like to see a way to search in your own pins ... to find a recipe , craft , idea , etc quicker !
I sometimes accidentally post the same thing twice and I d like to delete duplicate posts .
And the app just fuels my addiction !
But the app crashes sometimes and the pics are tiny on the phone ( it s a phone , what can you do . )
The app is much more responsive and doesn t crash .
Please fix this .
Can t stay of it ! !
Still needs work , all the pictures wont download , crashes frequently , but love my Pinterest still !
only downside is that it crashes and doesn t always show me all my likes .
Has made many improvements but still crashes sometimes .
The ideas are endless and oh so useful !
Has never not_crashed .
The only thing that would make it better if there was some way it could tell you had already pinned something .
Everything you need to know and more !
I couldn t live without my not_pinterest not_: ) but it always crashes on me : ( ,
I have one gripe though ... why does this application need to use so much space ?
Can we add a `` Clear cache '' button ?
Ive made many recipes and done severall projects ive pinned .
I just don t like how my feed almost seems like it repeats itself .
Love it , I ve found so many great recipes and hair how to s love love love ,
I can t stop and wont stop ! ! !
But you must get Pinterest , it will change your life !
I love this app , but after the last update , there is no longer a not_way to not_return to the top of the feed without not_scrolling not_through everything again .
I just wish there was a more direct way to get the pin button for safari pins .
I d honestly recommend it to anyone .
I ve found soooo many things that I can use everyday .
I give the app a 4.5/5 even though I technically can t do that on iTunes .
I wish that you could convert a public viewing board to a secret board as opposed to creating a secret board from scratch .
Are you guys going to let us create board collections for example : `` kid party ideas '' , `` kid toys '' , and `` kid fashion '' boards can all be collected under the header `` kids '' .
Very hard to look at the pics without the not_white not_border like on a photo everything just blurs , the suggested pins are too random and not not_linked to the not_topic and ruins the fun of discovery ... and still haven t found one I like anyway , I don t want to open things up to like or share , and I d like the X back where it was ( I don t share anyway because I have to post it on my FB timeline instead of the timeline of the person I want to share it with anyway ) .
What did these updates achieve ?
I wish I knew how to restore the old app .
And I hate how on the new update I can t just click on the Pinterest word on the top and it takes me to the top big mistake liked it better before this last update ,
Great ideas and cool pics ... as a teacher , there are so many interesting and wonderful ideas .
I use it daily and never not_fail to not_get something useful out of it .
Please provide an update that alphabetizes our boards ,
Such a fun app and one that I highly recommend ! !
Love the site but crashes way too often..that has to stop ,
I seriously have a pinning problem !
App closes down , if you refresh it tells you there are no not_pins not_; to fix the problem you have to delete the app and reinstall again .
I have no not_idea not_how I made it for so long without not_Pinterest ! !
I wish there was a way to zoom .
Great app for when you need to kill time and be inspired !
Love the visual nature of the sharing rather than just posting comments .
why do I now have to click on the picture to like it ?
This app crashes all the time , mostly when I m in the middle of reading a good pin .
Don t have any problems .
If you don t have Pinterest , you need to get it .
It is easy to use but not not_all not_features available on app .
This app is great , easy to use , simple and just what I need for a Pinterest app !
There is only one issue .
Please give us that option back .
Anything and everything you need is right at your fingertips .
Absolutely love this app/site I recommend to EVERYONE !
Pinterest gives me the motivational quotes , workout plans and recipe ideas that I need to stay on track with my health and fitness goals .
Since the last update the app crashes less not_during not_pinning & amp ; pins much faster .
I just wish that in the humor category that people could lighten up on the exceptionally long ( actually it is deep , in that the posts are so deep , long , or tall that it slows down refreshing of the pins adjacent to it . )
And , how about policing the categories to make sure that they contain pins that should be in the category .
Great app , but can t tag people like on my laptop .
With 5 kids the DIY craft ideas are great .
I can t stop pinning ! ! ! !
It may be a great idea in an image , but that is all !
I recommend this app for everyone ,
Pinterest has provided countless hours of fun and entertainment !
Please address this problem !
The only problem I have is that it crashes quite often .
Love this app has everything I need ,
There are ideas for everything and anything on here .
Defiantly recommend this app or site if looking for something creative !
I have made a few recipes from it already .
Unfortunately it crashes all the time .
The only dislikes I would have is that some websites do not not_open and not_if there was a way to remove boards via phone..that would be awesome ,
Please bring it back ! !
I love it : ) my only frustration is when I use it on my iPod and if the app crashes , I have to start browsing all over again and may lose a pin I was interested in but didn t repin it fast enough .
Also , I can t search up a pin I didn t repin .
Wish that could be helped though .
It would be great if you could search within the topics , wish there was a way to not not_see the not_same pin every time someone repins it it gets really annoying to see the same exact thing over and over and over again .
Since App has been updated , it crashes a lot and just freezes up .
You just have to ! !
So if you really need one you can t find it .
I find the only thing this app is missing is the ability to see gif files .
The app before the updates would take forever to load or it would crash constantly .
I absolutely love wasting time on this app , but it crashes quite a bit which is annoying .
Has anyone developed a 12 step app to quit this app ?
My only issue that keeps it from being 5 stars is the crashing .
It crashes to update the page .
Please fix it !
I m addicted to Pinterest , so it s good that it has an app so I can use it on the go .
It s annoying when it crashes but other than that I love it on my ipad !
I love Pinterest and have no not_major not_issue however after I ran the last update I can no longer not_tap not_`` Pinterest '' an have the list /pins automatically scroll back to the top when at my home page .
\\nAnyone else have this problem ?
Some crash problems .
Awesome but it needs some way to talk to other pinners ,
Haven t had any issues with the new update .
Works so well Highly recommend it ! ! ! ! ! ! !
But with the last update every time I try to load it it says my login failed .
Great but sometimes crashes on me .
The app itself is easy to use and rarely not_do not_I ever have any issues .
Just have an occasional problem with clicking on a pin and it shows up so low on my ipad screen I can t choose a board or write in comments before pinning .
I never have not_any not_problems with this app .
it s a pretty good app , but why was the ability to refresh or bring you back to the top of the feed by tapping on the pinterest sign taken away ?
And I just wish there was a way to alphabetize them .
If there is a way could somebody tell me please ?
The app is just not not_doing it for me , it not_lags and crashes ALOT .
Countless other bugs I can t list all .
Please take a look into how to print from a pinned site .
I hope you can improve the printing option !
This app used to crash ALL THE TIME .
Sometimes it takes way to long for them to load and you have to force close the app .
And now you have to click the picture to like it .
But , it crashes all the time , in the middle of reading a pin AND I have to click on the picture to like it , so hard , I already click on things a million times , you made it just a tad more difficult .
: ) The only criticism I have is after a while on , it crashes , kicking you out .
Please bring it back !
Says login failed .
My only complaint is that the app gets overloaded quite frequently and crashes .
What ever Im looking at when it crashes is now forever lost in Pinterest land .
I post a pin , it looks fine for a few minutes , then when I go back into the board where the new pin is I discover that the picture is all stretched out and distorted .
Please bring it back !
Please fix this !
After the new update it constantly crashed .
The only drawback I see is that you can not not_edit not_boards while on the app , but this does not not_detract not_from the ease of use ( not to not_mention not_FUN ! ! )
In the beginning , there were a few bugs with reloading pages , but those seemed to have been worked out with the updates .
\\nNever had any problems before .
So why only 3 stars ?
It crashes pretty often and could use some interface tweaks but most importantly the app grows in size b/c it doesn t seem to have a cache clearing limit or function .
My app has not not_crashed or not_kicked me out as other users have stated .
One suggestion , make it possible to where we can suggest pins to those who are following us .
Please make an update that will limit cache size ! !
It has become extremely annoying and I was hoping it would have been fixed in a previous update .
I am addicted to this app , however , it repeatedly crashes , and I have no not_sound not_while trying to view videos .
I love Pinterest , but this app could definitely use some fixing .
I planned my entire wedding using this app ... no not_joke !
Please fix this problem then I ll give a better review .
Since i can t log in , I can t see pins , so the app is now useless !
Pinterest needs to get proactive about spam protection because it ruins a great idea and they need to implement serious spam protection in this app ,
This app has been crashing a lot since the update .
I love Pinterest and usually the app works fine but for the past 2 days I can t log in .
It tells me there s a network problem : ( please fix and I will give this app the 5 stars it deserves .
When you have over 1,000 pins searching for a specific one becomes tedious !
Please add search option ! !
If they don t figure out how to decrease the size of this app it s going to have to go .
too many crashes and lost connections .
I might have a problem .
Love Pinterest but the app crashes ALL the time .
Please fix it .
I suggest including functionality that would allow users to add multiple photos at once from their photo library .
After update my likes and pins are same amount and Pinterest at top is now Home and won t let you touch to go back to top .
Yes , it crashes .
I just updated this app , now I can t log on , or re register !
I need some of my older recipes .
It needs a cache limit !
Plus , it crashes way too often .
Well the past two days I ve been using this and it automatically logs me out and then when I go to log back in it says Trouble logging in have never not_had not_this problem before and it s really starting to get on my nerves you need to fix this ,
I love Pinterest , but the latest update has bugs !
This new update is horrible its always crashing on me and is super slow .
There are a few glitches that should be fixed soon , but what I wish this app had is a pin memory or something so that you couldn t pin something twice on the same board .
Ccbw , Crashes frequently .
Now I can t use my boyfriend s iPad to log on to my Pinterest even though I m signed in on Facebook .
Why u people hating on this app ?
It ruined the app , please fix ALL bugs ! !
This new app crashes all the time .
And when it s not not_crashing , it not_s logging me off and making me wait twenty minutes to log back on .
Please fix this !
There are a few bugs however , like when I go to repin something , it goes to the bottom of the screen and won t come back up .
Also , sometimes it crashes randomly .
Please change those things .
kelsey LILA , Pintrest automatically logged me out a couple days ago randomly , and now will get an error or validation error whenever I try logging in again .
This app is so frustrating , it crashes every 2 minutes or so .
You guys need to step it up .
please bring back the capability to tap `` Pinterest '' and auto scroll to top ! ! ! ! !
However , they need to find a way to keep this app from continually taking up more and more space .
However sometimes it crashes hike I am exploring a pin .
I wish you could search within your own pins .
You need to make it so that Pinterest tells you within the app that someone commented on your pin .
Where is the following list ?
And why in the world is this much data being stored on my phone ?
Should NOT be setup like this .
The only thing that bothers me is that I can t jump to the top of the page by clicking Pinterest anymore .
The only problem I have is not not_knowing not_how to search for particular things but that s on me .
I can t be on the app more than 5 minutes with it crashing !
I used to love Pinterest , but now it won t let me log in or create a new profile .
Not sure what else to do but it needs to stop or I ll have to delete this one soon !
I use it everyday but it is still constantly crashing in the middle of pinning something .
Sometimes sites crash but it really is an amazing app .
Does anyone know how to fix this ?
I recommend it to all ages .
I love Pinterest but can not not_stand it not_crashing constantly , please fix this instead of focusing on other extras !
\\nHave had issues with the program crashing , especially on the iPad , so not not_5 not_stars yet .
Please fix the ability to PIN a photo I took with my iPhone .
still feels the same to me. , \\n\\nLove it but it needs a couple of things\\n ability to change board cover\\n change board arrangement ,
I can t log in at all , please update AGAIN .
My boards are all missing , although all of my pins are there .
I can t repin anything to my boards .
I think it would be really great if there was an option to Find Friends through email address .
We all have to register with one , and if you re trying to find a friend who has a common name there is no way to not_narrow not_down which Linda Smith she is out of the thousands .
\\n1 ) it crashes a LOT\\n2 ) it is really slow when I have good connection of Wifi\\n3 ) takes up too much room .
\\nAlso why are we limited to three secret boards ?
it would be perfect if you added an `` instagram share option '' ,
Please get it together ! !
This app is useless if it crashes every time you search for something new .
Please please make the next update max out the cache at 100mb ! ! ! ! !
It also crashes about every ten minutes or so .
Only options available are `` popular '' and `` everything '' .
The update failed , so I tried again but it completely froze my iPad .
Everything worked fine before , why do u feel the need to change that is perfectly fine to begin with ?
Please fix this .
Do please bring back the tap on the top to refresh the pins ! ! !
Someone needs to fix this update .
I loved the way pinterest was before but since the latest update the pictures take a long time to load and when I try to save an image to my phone it makes the whole app freeze and just keeps looking like it down loading .
Please correct this ! ! !
Katrj , After the update , I am unable to log in .
mrstrif , After the newest update , I can t log in .
It keeps telling me there is an issue on their end and do I want to try again .
Please bring back the ability to repin or like without not_having to not_go into each pin .
The only problem to me is when I get on the app it dose not not_update by not_its self .
You have to slide down to get new pins .
Like others have said since the update you now have to open a pin to `` like '' /heart it .
Please put it back the way it was .
PLEASE add feature that lets us pin items on friends boards or suggest pins to friends ! ! !
Rachael_Mod , Did the new update and now I can t login with my Facebook account ,
Please please please fix this ASAP ! ! !
Please fix this soon !
Needed feature and they massively failed .
Used the app for months without not_much of an not_issue BUT each update released made the app bigger and bigger until it grew to 4.4GB and bricked my iPhone .
The pin drops own and I can t switch pin boards .
The new version does not not_work not_properly .
On a side note , it would be really nice if there was a way to not not_double not_pin things on your own board .
My only issue is that it does crash at least once or twice when I ve been browsing in a one hour stretch .
You have to scroll all the way to the top with your finger and then refresh by scrolling down AGAIN !
I m on iPad 3 and when I try and repin something the repin square falls below the screen view and I can t change what board it repins to .
You ll no longer not_be not_able to see who re pinned your pins , or follow the chain of pins back to the origin , no not_`` not_originally pinned by '' , no more not_social not_element , no not_connection with not_other pinners , no not_activity not_feed , you won t be able see what your friends have pinned , no more not_`` not_via '' , board cover photos are smaller and off center , you can no longer not_open a not_pin in a new tab , pins from people you `` don t '' follow will clutter your feed !
Love using it but tends to crash to much and annoys me .
Since the update I can t log in using my iPhone or IPad .
What is the deal ?
But does anyone else have the problem where after several minutes of browsing app shuts down on its own ? ! ?
Have never not_had it not_crash on me .
It s a VERY fun app and everyone should have it !
jydalton , You can t Pin off of websites as you could with the Pin Button on your browser .
I am unable to click the picture to access any links .
We need a fix for the constant crashing , and an easy way to pin from Safari , that would get a Five Star rating from this frequent user .
I love Pinterest , but the app for my iPad does not not_work not_well .
Only problem is its kinda addicting .
This is devastating when I come across a pin I love and the app decides to close out by itself and I have to search for said pin .
Love the ideas you get and places you get to see !
But it crashes randomly on iPad , really annoying .
Crashes constantly , it takes up way too much space and has in turn made my phone extremely slow .
Still trying to learn how to use it ! !
I need more followers ! ! !
But , on occasion it will randomly exit out and of course you can never not_go not_back to where you were .
Any time i get bored and need a laugh , heres my goto : ) ,
Love this app , but does seem to crash a lot .
Everything I need to buy I have to go to Pinterest first .
& lt ; 3 I have found soo many great ideas I can use !
I like to have multiple boards and see what I ve pinned .
It s a pretty solid implementation of the site , but there s no not_reason not_why it should crash this much .
Most mobile apps do not not_work as not_well as the full version site this is not the not_case not_here .
Why does it fail the first try every time ?
Then I look at my house and think I should of done some of these things today instead of looking at this site all this time .
I love it , I used to have issues uploading a pic from my phone but I think they fixed that .
Perfect for just browsing Pinterest .
I haven t had any problems with it crashing or misbehaving .
I love Pinterest but the app crashes on me literally every ten minutes ! !
Who needs Facebook when you have this awesome site ,
I can not not_create not_boards , I can not not_edit not_boards and I frequently get an error message saying , Sorry , something has gone wrong on our end .
It crashes .
Court39 , The ipad app has been crashing the last few days and now it s just not not_letting me not_pin anything .
\\nThank You Pinterest people ! ! ! !
If I need anything , I look here first .
Pinterest app never not_crashes , not_easy to explore pins , create boards , etc but you can t edit your profile picture .
I have never not_had not_any issue with it !
But it bugs out and/or crashes way too much !
Why is this ?
And now I can t stop !
I forgot my password .
How do I get a new one or reset it ?
Never have problems and I enjoy not not_having to not_use the we based version its a great ap and always works .
Sometimes it crashes hence the 4 stars , but overall good .
How did I find great ideas before Pinterest ?
This app fails more than it works .
There isn t anything I can t find !
I hardly not_ever not_sign in anymore because of this and when I do , of course `` no not_pinners not_available '' or `` no not_pins not_available '' .
Once you start , you just can t stop .
Nice way to spend ten minutes when my brain just needs a break at work .
The only problem is that sometimes the pics won t save to the camera roll .
If you are looking to be creative and change things up in your house , yard or need a some helpful tips with your hobbies , this is a one time stop !
My only complaint is a problem with opening websites from other people s pins when I want investigate further .
Easy to use , fast uploads , hasn t crashed once !
With the iPhone app , I continuously get logged out and prompted to sign in over and over but never not_had that not_issue with the iPad version .
It keeps getting out of the app when I m looking at pins and it s really frustrating please fix it : ) ,
There seems to be a problem with the `` Pin It '' button when you re browsing the web .
Previous version would randomly crash ; I don t experience this anymore .
This is a dope app that provides convenient bursts of inspiration whether it be menswear or interior decorating .
I just wish there were a way to screen out those pins that do not have a not_valid not_website faster .
I have to pry myself off my iPad whenever I get on Pinterest .
I would like to see the option of editing better on my iPhone and iPad .
my only problem with the app is that it freezes from time to time or closes itself as I m in the middle of a pinning fest .
I didn t give it five stars because it crashes often .
Hate that it won t let me update my picture : / ,
Always adding thing to my likes that I never not_liked ! !
I love love love Pinterest , but the iPad app crashes every 2 minutes ... no not_exaggeration .
There are so many recipe , workout , and healthy food ideas .
I love pinning things , and I love the ideas available here .
But if I want to see all of their boards , I don t know how to do that other than searching for that person in the friends list .
I like that you can find lots of information about beauty products and beauty secrets .
I love Pinterest and use to love this app but lately it crashes , it s sooooo slow and it always says sorry something went wrong on our end : ( and crashes ALL the time , seriously fix these issues .
I just wish you could add new pins more easily from both devices but that is not a not_fault with the not_app .
People can t stalk you or any thing like that and you can become a master pinner while using the fantastic program .
It crashed since u got it but now it s crashing more often and it s very annoying .
This app fails every 10 minutes , it s useless !
Why don t developers fix it ?
It may be an issue with my Ipad though .
I also love that you can tap , save to your iPhone the articles or recipes you want to retain material on !
Whenever I need a pick me up , I definitely look through the humor section of photos !
LOVE THIS APP , but they should have a button to block your husband s ex girlfriend !
I can t stop .
You will find anything you would like to know about any given thing and find so many more ideas !
Anyone else have this problem ?
I really love it , the biggest problem that I have is that it keeps booting me off ! ! !
I use it online frequently , now that I have this app I can use Pinterest anywhere I go !
I love this app , but lately it has been crashing very often ; this is the only issue I have noticed .
Site crashes sometimes , but I just open it right back up !
Please fix the app .
And I rarely have not_any not_issues with the app itself .
I love it so much I need to time myself so I don t spend so much time .
It is very entertaining and has great ideas that are practical and some funny stuff when you are just looking for fun .
I love that you can just browse and you don t need to see peoples comments like on other sites .
I can t function without it .
Easy to use and I just love all the ideas !
Now that you ve created a Pinterest monster ( moi ) , please give me the ability to search for key words so i can quickly locate certain pins .
Occasionally crashes though .
There are so many cool ideas .
I love how you can pin whatever you want without not_caring not_about your followers .
Omg I love everything about this app I haven t had a single problem with it ! ! ! !
It crashes sometimes but nothing major .
If you aren t on Pinterest you are missing out !
Once you start you can t stop .
Still having trouble with it crashing on my iPad .
I just entered a dessert contest with one of the recipes that I found on there and won 2nd ! ! !
My problem is that there are still some unresolved bugs , causing the app to just close down when i am browsing pins .
Love the site , but the app needs work .
I just wish you could zoom in to look at pictures .
I have had a few times where the app has crashed but I was able to send a report of my crash and restart the app and all was well .
I like it for the most part , but I have a first generation iPad and this app crashes A LOT !
The developers , contributors and users of Pinterest have made a forum to get your creative juices pumping .
Only problem I have had has been that while using it on my original iPad , it shuts off a lot .
I recommend this app to everyone .
The app let s you do most of what you need and want to do .
It would be a great app if it would stay open for more than a few minutes some days are better than others , but they really need to work out the bugs they finally gave in and added private boards which is great !
Hopefully they are working on the crash problem now I end up getting frustrated and not not_using the not_app for weeks at a time ,
Only problem is that Pinterest is just better on a computer where the images are larger and you don t accidentally click things you didn t want to click on with your monstrous thumbs .
Never had problems .
I recommend this to anyone looking for ideas on decorating , fitness workout goals or just needing a laugh .
I recommend it to anyone ,
I am currently planning my wedding , and I know I would not not_be not_able to survive without not_Pinterest !
Sometimes there are so many pins on your board it would be nice to find what you are looking for within that particular board with a search and find option .
It has very cool ideas and crafts you can do .
Wish analytical info were available for all people and all accounts .
The only problem I have sometimes is the search option loads before I am done typing .
It is my go to app for ideas but it crashes all the time .
\\n\\nWish you could swipe through images though instead of having to go back while browsing .
The first few days you have it your like ehhh but once you learn the ropes your hooked ?
I recommend it .
If you don t know how to cook , you ll find great recipes .
I love pintrest I need more time and money for the new wardrobe I picked out and all the crafts I want to do .
This site provides me daily source of inspiration and ideas !
I don t know how I ever made dinner without it .
So many great ideas , I can t stop ! !
It crashes all the time !
However , I must say I have no not_clue not_how brides planned their wedding before Pinterest : ) lots of great and creative ideas out there .
I think that you need to fix that .
I recommend it ,
But it crashes about every 15min or so .
If y all can fix the crashing bug that would be so awesome ! ! ! !
Just love it !
A bit more time needed to share things from your phone , but repinning and liking things are still a snap .
I love the fact that you can turn off the Facebook notification for every pin , that s what had turned off a friend of mine from Pinterest .
So many great ideas and app is easy to ise ,
But overall , there are some great ideas posted everyday .
Does crash some , but more the rare exception than the norm .
People suggest never to not_get on not_Facebook for a number of reasons because it will depress you more .
Great app , I have not not_had not_any problems .
What a great idea for a site , it is very interesting to see what people have created .
once you download this app , you will not not_be not_able to get off !
The problem is one you really get into it , the app will disconnect !
This needs to be fixed as soon as possible .
I can never not_surf not_this app for more than a few minutes before it crashes .
Please fix the bugs in this app ! ! ! !
Anyone can use this app anyway they want .
Has everything you need to be entertained !
Unfortunately , you are unable to make new pins from other websites on the app .
Make it super easy and accessible when shopping or just needing a Pinterest fix ! !
I log on , just start getting into it and it CRASHES !
\\nPintrest is amazing , everyone should have a Pintrest app on their front screen : ) its definitely worth it .
The only downfall is it does freeze occasionally and it might crash , but that s about it .
It really really needs a Delete Cache Data option .
It s really annoying and it s a well known problem !
Pinterest people , please fix this since there is no not_iOS not_function for that !
This version seems to function much better than past ones and I haven t had any problems or complaints yet .
Easy to use & amp ; no not_issues with it not_freezing or crashing .
I just love it ! ! !
I would use it often .
When it crashes I can t go back to what I was looking at .
Is there any way that can be fixed ?
I often find myself creating pins instead of playing games .
Dresses I need to have and pictures of puppies !
Soo easy to use : ) only problem is that sometimes it just randomly quits in you and you lose wherever you were .
If u need ideas for anything , it s here .
I highly recommend it !
Overall I love it , mine just always has a couple bugs and glitches but overall it s great !
However , it does crash every once in a while of I ve been using it for a while .
It makes you want to use it more .
\\nThanks to whoever created this gem .
Gets me inspired when I need it !
LOVE Pinterest the quotes are hilarious great app besides it crashes if on for a long time !
Anything you can possibly think of is here .
ve_Got_an_Opinion , Love it but it crashes on my iPad very regularly .
The app needs work for the iPad , but is still a great app !
I only wish it did not not_crash and not_close on me so often .
I just made a Pinterest !
It s really good so far but how do you change your profile picture on a iPhone 4 ?
While I love the app , it is constantly crashing on me ! ! ! !
You can and do most anything and the ideas are so great .
Need to figure out how not to not_allow not_pins to be pinned multiple times by the same person !
This is an excellent ap and let s you do everything you need to do on Pinterest !
The updates have made the app much more user friendly .
I have gotten so many ideas from and made some great gifts for my kids !
My daughter suggested this and I have found lots of interesting things that I would not have not_found .
I have a big problem with this site , it s highly addicting !
The app crashes so many times it s a joke .
I would suggest this app if you have the storage to give to the app , but I ended up getting rid of it on my iPad .
Very stable app used to crash a lot , but working great now .
Now , i will never not_be not_able to stop pinning .
But please note , you will waste a lot of time on it ; ) ,
I thought it would be cool to be able to create categories inside other folders ! ! !
Your gon na need a five step program if ya ever wan na stop .
Please include a search feature for within ones OWN boards and pins .
But once you start you can t stop !
I love this app but it is sooo frustrating when it crashes all the time .
Once you start you just can t stop pinning !
If I need ideas about something , I go to Pinterest and bam there it is .
The ONLY problem is that the app glitches and shuts down .
Love all the different things that are available to see .
mafreakinninja , I can t stop pinning things I am so addicting and there are so many great ideas I have tried an love ! ! ! ! !
There are so many food , home , and party ideas , it is insane !
I have a problem with it closing on its own if I have been on it for a while , but other then that , I really have no not_complaints !
Frequently crashes .
I wish there was a way to automatically start at the top when I open the app .
Instead I need to scroll to the top ,
The app crashes frequently , and/or intermittently tells me `` no not_pins not_are available '' when I try to look at my boards .
However , I find that when I use it after an extended period of time , it crashes .
I can t stop looking at it !
This app lets me get my `` fix '' when I m not not_able to not_get to my computer or when I need to check ingredients for something while in kitchen .
I wish it could invite select friends from facebook , but not not_post not_every pin I do on there .
I just love this app .
Now I can go look at all my pins & amp ; my stuff that I have made .
There are so many great ideas and I have so enjoyed reading about them !
It has crashed a few times , but it hasn t been over the top .
It works more often then not and not_I just not_love to pin !
The only issue I ve had in the past was the app crashing while pinning but it looks like it has been resolved with the latest version .
Well made app , and it s full of creative ideas !
Initially did not not_like the not_earlier versions , but many bugs have been fixed .
I love Pinterest and highly recommend this app .
Please fix this issue bcuz this app otherwise is awesome ! !
Great app recommend it to everyone ,
So addicting I can t stop .
Please fix my favorite app .
It s addicting once you get started pinning you can t stop !
\\nSo , why exactly can t we create new pins from the app ?
All it is is a timewaster , forcing you to look through other people s boards so you can repin .
Just wish you could tag people in the pins ,
At one point this app was using 2.4 GB ( yes GIGABYTES ) of my memory , anyone know why or can anyone explain this ?
Etc you have to get this app .
I m using it to plan my wedding .
I love the idea but this app crashes over and over .
Just when I find something really interesting\\n it crashes and I have to start all over .
It is a great idea just wish it wouldn t crash .
But I recommend it .
I love how most pins lead to more information where you can buy or a tutorial on how to make !
The update seems to have fixed the issue of not not_loading .
Would have rated higher , but the app still crashes regularly .
It has some weird tweaky things it does but if I really want to get my Pinterest on then I just grab my laptop .
Addictive and very well made app .
I highly recommend it .
3 ) App crashes every now and again , but typically when I have been pinning a long time .
Keeps crashing after 5 min or so of use or if I open a big picture ,
Very few bugs , once in a while it crashes .
If I could use pinterest all day everyday I d be happy .
The one thing I don t like about the app is that you can t move a pin by editing it , only by repinning .
We have all pinned to the wrong board and it would be nice to be able to correct this a little easier .
The red bar indicating the progress of the pin post stops and a message appears saying `` sorry there is a problem on our end '' \\nand the red bar stays stopped .
Love using this App on my iPad but it crashes often which is kind of a pain .
My daughter and I have made numerous projects from ideas on this site ! !
Now when I need to look up a recipe or come up with a new decorating idea for a room in my house , I always come to Pinterest first !
Please fix this , it s been going on for so long : ( ( ,
Would be nice to be able to edit boards and shuffle pins around easily .
I have quite a learning curve with anything new , but have gladly taken the time to learn how to navigate this site , it s all good !
I love having access to my boards on the go , especially if I find something that sparks a creative idea or when I need to find a quick recipe for cooking .
I just wish that there was a way to easily move pins from board to board , I tend to pin to the wrong board and then have to : Go into the board , find the pin , re pin it to the right board , and then delete it from the wrong one !
Couldn t there just be a `` Move Pin '' button ?
I love the variety of ideas pinned but wish there was a way to avoid seeing the same pins over and over .
I have never not_had an not_issue ,
Please add a way to rearrange pins onto different boards easily without not_having to not_delete/repin .
Just made the app a waste to me ,
I have noticed some glitches such as it will crash unexpectedly every once and a while !
It s great and I would have given it 5 stars , but it crashes on occasion .
Pinterest is Definitely my `` Go to '' app when I need some ideas , or when I m just bored .
Wither I m looking for decorating ideas , recipes , or lesson plans this app never not_fails .
I just hate it how the app will crash sometimes or not not_pin my not_things due to technical errors .
The app does have it s occasional problems , but I still get wonderful ideas and recipe and anything u can think of ! ! ! !
But occasionally crashes .
Works pretty well , rarely have not_problems with the not_app itself crashing .
My only gripe is that you can t access your likes .
Only complaint is I now have too much to do because I find so many great ideas ! !
Looked for an update , I just loaded it last week , but there is none .
So glad it is here .
When I need a thought starter or a mental vacation , I count on the people in the world that share themselves on Pinterest .
Cuz I really needed another reason to check interest .
I can view it all day and I don t need to buy a magazine for interests anymore .
Now just need to find the time to do all the wonderful ideas !
Only problem I have is sometimes when I m in the middle of looking at something it will just close and I can t get back to where I was .
Though sometimes it may crash I still really love this app this is the only thing I use for pintrist ,
Haven t had any issues with the app ,
In fact , I bought an iPad just so I could use Pinterest in the kitchen .
This is so great you will be stuck on it for hours ! ! !
It would be nice to be able to mark I bought it or I did it , but I am having a blast getting myself organized !
I d give it five stars , but it still crashes .
It always crashes when I finally find a good pin .
I m using it to plan my wedding ! !
I thought the issue was because of my iPad but have talked with other users and they complain of the same .
Ricaje , Great for pinning on the go but crashes several times throughout the day and takes up WAY TOO MUCH memory in my phone .
I love pinterest and am really enjoying the idea but I wish there was an easier way to pin from my iPhone and iPad you can do it but have to install a link on your computer then sync it just a lot of work !
And I learned how to cook because of the food section .
Pinterest is limitless , and I love that you can go straight to the source of the pin , not just a not_picture .
It crashes occasionally , but besides that it is amazing and slightly addicting .
Only problem is that I can t get on Pinterest for more than a couple of minutes w/o getting an error message `` Our servers are experiencing hiccups '' or `` Something went wrong on our end '' & amp ; the app FREQUENTLY crashing .
We have an `` older '' iPad and that does make it difficult for the app to always run smoothly it will crash after so many things have been pinned or searched .
The only problem I have is there are soooo many !
Very good app , haven t had any issues ,
I waste way too much time on this app but I ve seen the best ideas on it , I just can t stop !
The one issue is that it often crashes when I follow a pin to its original website .
I don t want to delete the app at all but I need space on my phone .
It does what I expected it to and that s enough .
When I m away from my computer the iPhone version adequately provides a Pinterest fix .
I like how you can easily pull up menu and switch between viewing pages .
Pintrest is great great in the way that you might be inspired to repurpose your couch or something .
The site is amazing and addictive , but Pinterest , why do you shut me off in the middle of a peruse or pin ?
Pinterest please update there is numerous glitches that will not not_let you not_find friends from Facebook as well as stalls etc love the app but it s only good if I can use it !
My first review mentioned how it used to crash and kicked me out constantly .
I m glad this has been fixed !
It does crash a lot on my iPad though .
I wish that the pins that are reported as spam or have been removed would not even not_be on .
Everything from recipes to crafts to gardening to beauty , the ideas are endless ! ! !
Just love this .
There is so much shared and so many wonderful ideas !
Other than that this site really is something I can t live without .
\\n3/2013 it s been pretty excellent as the app continues to update its shortcomings .
It s very addicting but it crashes a lot ,
But it keeps crashing please fix it so I can get my pin fix for the day ! ! !
I don t have kids , but I have a board\\nThat s how much I love Pinterest , I just pin everything .
However , the app crashes a lot .
I never have not_problems .
I just wish you could read the captions more easily while scrolling .
The idea of having it on my phone is spectacular , and I couldn t wait to download it .
The setup of the app is clean , though I personally think it would be better to show the navigation bars at all times ( I keep tapping things I don t want looking for them ! )
The app crashes constantly , sometimes won t repin anything I want it to , and now it won t let me log in at all .
It s a good app it just needs far better technical matinence .
I wish it was easier to post pics from the web from my iPad .
it s a great app , but it still crashes from time to time .
I can t stop pinning , love this app so much fun , lots of information .
Overall , the app is good but it crashes from time to time .
I highly recommend it .
I LOVE this website I get soooo many ideas and inspirations and can t stop at just one page !
Love the ideas that are available and many interesting share .
Love Pinterest but the app crashes several times/day .
You have to get Pinterest ! ! !
Thank God it crashes after extended use or I d never not_get not_off of Pinterest !
Pervious versions crashed once in awhile but I have had 3 crashes in 5 minutes .
s Music Muse , I can t think of anything I would change .
Awesome app and I love that its peaceful , provide learning and its free of drama .
Sometimes pics won t load but I just close it and open again and it s good ,
Only feedback I have is that the app crashes often .
Latest release hasn t been crashing as much and I like the improved board management functionality .
Pinterest is great , love it , but the app CONSTANTLY crashes .
Great , but it crashes On a routine basis .
I love this app ... ..it has everything I need and want ! ! ! !
It won t load images or will quit on you while you are looking a different pictures .
Only problem is .
However , I have way too many pins now to even find one if I am looking for it ... the only thing that could make Pinterest better would be if you could organize pins within a board ... for example a wedding board could be organized into dresses , rings , flowers , etc ... it would make it much easier to find things later !
Dayke3 , I just recently got Pinterest and now I know what the fuss is all about !
But it would be great if the ap didn t crash every time I try to pin something : ( ,
Omg this app is so awesome i have no not_problems with it and it has not_so many good ideas ! ! ! ! ! !
Would be 5 stars but the app routinely crashes on my 1st gen iPad .
I just don t like that it crashes all of the time .
Literally crashes every four to six minutes .
But the app crashes frequently when I am looking up my pins .
Way to many ideas for anything u need suggestions on !
I have never not_had a not_problem using this .
I definitely recommend it !
I would love to see you create sub folders so that I could organize my pins better !
Pinterest has just what you need to get your creative juices flowing .
It crashes ALL THE TIME ! !
I planned my whole wedding with the help of the awesome Pinterest wedding boards !
You can t just pin once !
Why does it show pins from a lot of people I do not not_follow on my not_followings pins ?
Is there any way I can fix that ?
Beautiful products fast service need an app like this keep up the good work ! !
This is one if the apps on my phone that gets used all the time , unlike many that just take up space .
Is not not_all not_about crafts and decorating , I love photography and cars and there is so much to pin and share : ) just love it ,
Love this site , I have made some delish dinners and homemade crafts from this site ! !
Is it possible to change the settings so that my pins are not not_stored on my not_phone ?
I don t need to be able to access my pins apart from the Internet .
You can learn how to do just about anything here and who can t stand more beauty in their lives .
Sometimes in my busy days I just need to relax my mind and look for a crafty hobby .
This app is a good idea with good ideas .
It also crashed a lot while I was looking at things I was interested in .
There are so many nifty ideas on Pinterest .
It would be great if you could send other users message and could have more board organizing features in the app so that you didn t have to go online to tweak things .
loooove the site so why wouldn t I love the app ?
I just wish there was an easier way to pin from the iPhone when u r on any website as the bookmarklet is difficult to use .
This is a wonderful app and I just love it .
Please don t stop with the updates !
\\n Pinterest still can be buggy , crashes on me about once a day , and lags at times .
Pinterest has added quality to my life ! !
Perfect for reminding me what I need to buy and awesome for killin some time ! !
Login fails EVERY TIME .
s iTunes , So addicting but I get great ideas and great recipes from this app just made one tonight actually !
Only problem is how easy it is to waste time on it ,
After so many pins it crashes though : ( \\nWhen I first installed it on my iPhone it took about 30mb of space but the more you pin the more room it takes which doesn t make sense , I had to uninstall it several times since I don t have much space on my phone .
I ve uninstalled a couple of times to test this , it would be nice if they fixed this .
The only thing I would suggest is to have folders within boards so if your like me and have a ton of pins than you can search more easily for a certain pin .
I love Pinterest and this app just makes my life better !
It crashes sometimes and its frustrating but all in all pretty good .
Is addictive , can t stop pinning ! ! !
There could be some improvements but overall , I recommend it .
I recommend it to everyone and I m sure my family is getting sick of hearing `` oh , on Pinterest I saw ... '' Lol .
I love the ideas you can find on here ranging from simple to elaborate with how to for most or even just something you like or want to try .
I love this app and everything that Pinterest offers , only problem is that it s ADDICTING ! !
Why wouldn t you get this ap ?
I can only give it a 2 it crashes a lot .
You just see something you really like and then it crashes .
Had to give it a 4 instead of a 5 because it crashes .
You can t google this stuff .
I would give it 5 stars , but it crashes a lot , so I had to take a star off .
I LOVE Pinterest , and have given them 5 stars in the past , but I would like them to fix their save to camera roll feature .
Self explanatory , app is still crashing every time I use it and it s very frustrating .
This app crashes constantly .
I just love this app .
How did we ever live without not_Pinterest not_?
I love this app , if anything has made my love of pinterest greater .
This is the only problem , every once in awhile it crashes but pretty good overall ,
How did I ever pass time before ?
Rarely have problems !
I love how you can find anything .
I never not_know not_what I am looking for but I know when I find it .
My friends and I talk about it all the time and there are so many ideas that I had never not_thought of not_before .
Only problems is that you may get error signs and use a lot of battery .
It s gotten a lot better , but it crashes so often it s actually quite annoying .
\\n\\nAlso , why does it take up like 4 GBs in my phone ?
The app has the same convenience as the website and I love knowing that if I need to look something up on the spot , I have it right here .
I didn t use it for awhile because I didn t see why I couldn t just use google , but the personal blog recipes don t usually show up on google , so it has been a huge draw for me .
I wish there was a way to follow all your facebook friends on certain topics .
I wish I could rate it 5 stars but it crashes a lot so sadly I have to give it a 4 .
I recommend this to everyone !
I have to actually time myself when I use it .
Love the new layout haven t had any problems .
App crashes every time I try and look at the website associated with a pin !
Don t like the fact that it s crashing sometimes !
Its a great app I just wish there was a way I could pin websites that I find while browsing Sifari on my phone ,
Especially when grocery shopping for that Nutella recipe you just HAVE to make tonight !
Just love all the creative ideas I run across ! !
When I need a few minutes to myself I love pulling up Pinterest and finding things that mke me happy !
I ve had it for awhile and haven t had any issues .
I just love it ! ! !
I can t cook , and my crafting skill is equivalent to a 4 year old , but Pinterest makes me feel like I m the next Picaso or Paula Deen ! !
I only wish that you were able to comment on the pins like on Facebook .
They need to work on an update to resolve the issue with crashing ,
Great site to find almost anything you need ,
The ideas are all in one place !
Love adding my own .
Cool looking app , but it Crashes pretty consistently on my iPad .
I love everything except the fact you can t hangs you picture .
The app frequently crashes and closes itself .
Have lost several good pins because it crashed during the process .
Definitely something they need to work on .
It has everything you need to know : p ,
Can t put my phone down and just start pinning away ! !
So many great ideas , there are too many to choose from .
pinteeest is awesome but needs more pins that direct you to websites where u can buy the mens clothes ,
Always handy to look up something when you re at the store and need to know what all you need for a specific recipe or project .
No bugs there s only room for greater features !
I d suggest this app for anyone looking for inspiration in nearly anything that your doing .
I d highly recommend it !
Love it , hate the Ap for my iPad , it crashes often .
Used it for recipes , home organization , homemade crafts , kids activities ... even to plan a trip to Disney !
I use it all the time ... for finding dinner ideas , work out tips & amp ; videos , to ideas on how to decorate my home .
However their app constantly has issues and it gets in the way of me using it .
There are just so many great ideas on here .
But for the most part ... it lets me see what I need to see .
I love Pinterest , but I occasionally have problems with the app crashing .
It keeps me busy planning my house , recipes , and organizing all my junk .
s. I ve never not_had a not_problem with crashes , etc .
HIGHLY recommend this site .
I live this app , but it seems like everyone I go on it it crashes so I was just wondering if somebody could have a bug fix update for this .
I love this app I became addicted within a week ... the only reason why I won t give it 5 stars is because it crashes after 30 minutes which is annoying because I will never not_find the not_pic I was looking at again pls fix the crashing problem ,
After about ten minutes the app crashes on me .
Right now , when I try to repin something , it crashes as well ,
However , today it started giving me a log in error and when I pin anything it crashes .
The only problem with this app is that it enables my Pinterest addiction and allows me to waste more time .
The only problem is , its easy to lose track of time when pinning : ) ,
What I m talking about is if you create a new board and need to move pins to that new board and remove them from the old board .
If I didn t need to work would be on it 24/7 .
I love the art and the original things , the idea to pit everything together in boards is fantastic !
Love the site and the app , but it crashes a lot ,
The only thing I ve found that you can not not_do on not_this app as opposed to on a computer is tag people in your pins .
I love it and just maybe the more artsy folks out there see the appeal .
Problem is I can t stop ! !
This app does make it nice to be able to take a quick look at ideas .
But why does it have to take up so much memory on my phone ?
And if you are an extreme pinned like I am , then that s a problem .
But I love Pinterest and have no not_problems not_when I m on my laptop .
The app is the only thing that has issues .
I love the app and everything , but it crashes , literally , every 5 minutes .
It will crash sometimes but my area is a little wonky .
The app makes it easy on the go , but it crashes .
The iPad app crashes on me constantly .
\\n\\nI love Pinterest , please fix this app .
It s frustrating that this app crashes on me .
Anything you need for an idea or anything at all your can find it in this app .
Teachers really use this app and recommend it .
Great tips on `` how to s from make up , hair and nails ect .
Or when you are just about to the bottom of the following page and it kicks you back up to the top and you have to start all over again !
I can pin about 10 things and then it suddenly crashes .
Please fix this ! !
I was given the choice of proceeding & amp ; potentially exposing my device to destructive content or staying on the current page.the only reason why I gave the app 4 stars is because I don t like the fact that once you click on a pin , you have to click on it again to view it s content ... it would be nice to see it all once you click on it !
One frustrating problem that needs a solution ASAP .
Love the great information available .
Once you start , you can t stop .
Please fix this so I don t have to keep opening the web browser .
I swear this could be ran by men to change women .
I had to put a stop to it , if I want it to be a productive app .
I set my limit to about 300 pins , otherwise it becomes an overwhelming amount of ideas that will be difficult to choose which to accomplish .
The only issue is that when you re on for a long amount of time , it will close out randomly .
Only thing keeping it from 5 stars is not not_being not_able to pin from iPhone and sometimes not not_all the not_pins load ( just like on the computer/website ) .
There are some really great ideas .
And for some reason when I save a photo to my phone it say SAVED and when I check is not not_there not_: ( everything else is super good , Great Ideas .
Love the projects I have created , recipes I have made for my family , cleaning products I have tried ( the Really work ! )
I ve never not_had not_any issues .
My two problems are 1 .
Good but it crashes bad but other then that great ,
It kind of crashes but I love love love love love love love it ,
U need it ,
I love the app because it does everything the website does and rarely has not_issues .
Though kindle version needs to be updated .
Swade__12 , It crashes a lot , but other than that its okay .
It always crashes when I look at really long pins but besides that LOVE AND ADDICTED ! ? !
I just love it ! !
\\nSome people post the darnedest things !
My friend bullied me into starting and now I can t stop pinning .
Only because its been crashing every so often .
And I can t get an answer from anyone at Pinterest on how to fix it .
I have used many of the recipes , and plan to use some of the Easter ideas .
I really enjoy nearly everything posted ... ..but , being a very senior citizen , a very few of the postings are a little distasteful ... ... .but , I just `` fly by '' those and try to forget that they are there , regretfully understanding that those who post them have the right to do so .
Please don t change it constantly !
I am on here everyday .
There are still several bugs in the Pinterest app .
Some very good ideas and useful how to s. I m currently trying some of the things I ve pinned .
One fail and several successes .
It needs a time limit option because I spend too much time on it !
It s supper addictive , the only problem is that after the last update it has foreclosed on me more than I d like .
Just love it !
This site has helped with so many home projects and provides endless ideas on just about everything .
I need a pinterest intervention !
This app is so easy to use and only rarely has not_issues .
Little_miss_indy , Needs a little better tutorial on exactly how to use it .
Took me a while but finally figured out how to actually see recipes or links to get stuff !
A great way to find awesome things and when you pin it was so easy to locate .
I close out the app and still no not_pins on the not_board that contains the recipe I need .
Great app , very user friendly but it crashes sometimes ,
Pinterest really needs to work on the crashing .
It may just be my phone , but it always seems to crash !
Ill see an awesome pin , but by the time I repin it , it s already to late because its crashed !
Only problem is that once I begin to explore the time flies and I realize 2 hours are gone !
I was a little curious about Pinterest when I first hear about it , so when a blog I read suggested to use Pinterest , I decided to try it out .
I created an account and now Pinterest is my life !
Once in awhile it crashes that s why I gave it 4 stars .
I planned my wedding , and have made birthday/thank you/Christmas/just because I can gifts and I cook something different for dinner every single night !
Just wish I could get to how to s on DIY things a little easier .
I ve never not_had it not_crash or had any problems .
I love that I can get any idea I need in one app .
Would highly recommend : D ,
Also , I would like to be able to rearrange pins on my boards ( making it easier to remove duplicates as well as just organize the pins ) .
It crashes about every three minutes .
I love Pinterest but there is always a problem logging in .
I absolutely don t know how I have made it in this far without not_Pinterest !
Always crashes , and never not_saves to my not_phone .
I don t have the same issue on the iPhone app .
Someone just told me about it !
Also , I wish you could search within your own pins !
However , it crashes on my iPad repeatedly !
Never crashes on my iPhone 4 and spend hours at times on it !
The app crashes at odd times but I anticipate it will het better soon .
I use it all the time and never have not_any not_problems .
Once you start pinning you just can t stop .
But it is so frustrating when this app crashes !
Every time I launch the app , it tells me that the login failed .
But the login fails the first time , everytime .
Please fix that ! ! !
It does what I need it to .
Wheelerob , I have try for many weeks to downloaded to mi iPhone and I haven t been able to , why is that if it was working before the last update ?
I love Pinterest I m so happy I can use it on my iPad .
On the rare occasion that there is a problem with an update , they fix it promptly .
I just LOVE LOVE LOVE ! !
I m pinning and I can t stop !
My only complaint is the random crashes .
Works for a few , then crashes .
Is there a place in Settings that can fix this ?
I love pintrest but I hate when I am in the middle of reading something and it crashes .
On average pintrest crashes 3 5 times a day either on iPad or laptop , really frustrating , but I keep coming back because of all of the information despite the frustration : ( would love a crash fix !
and the designers that post their innovations .
App crashes randomly , frequently when I try to pin something .
Then you have to search again and scroll , scroll , scroll , scroll , scroll , scroll to where you were before the app crashed .
At night to wind down she can usually be found on pinterest .
I originally signed up with my Facebook account but I keep getting an error every time I try to login with the app ,
Good app but almost everyday , it crashes .
App will crash unexpectedly .
Great app , but it crashes anytime I want to click on a pin to open up a web page ... ..so I just email the pin to myself and look it up later on my PC ... .that s the only drawback ,
\\n\\nConstantly crashes ... especially when it goes to source of pins ... this app needs work .
I can get inspiration to make almost anything unique just by flipping through the pictures and adding my own touches ! !
However , as another reviewer said earlier , the app needs some work .
I love pinterest and this app is nicely designed in the layout but I have problems with it crashing all the time ... that s the only reason I didn t give it 5 stars .
App is pretty great but it crashes a lot ,
The app feeds my Pinterest addiction wherever and whenever I need it .
The interface is really user friendly but it crashes ALL the time .
With that being said , the iPad app needs a good bit of improving , it crashes or freezes up just about every time I use it .
The app crashes after about three minutes .
I hope this problem gets fixed in the next update .
I would only improve on one thing , more prices should be listed .
I really like Pinterest but ... the responses from customer service are rude & amp ; I was told both times it was my problem that Pinterest lost my boards .
I m guessing the IT customer service must be outsourced over seas .
This app works good although it crashes a bit too often .
The app crashes and closes a lot making it frustrating to browse .
I recommend it to anyone and everyone .
Hardly crashes .
Very upsetting when it crashes .
WHY are there pins of people I am not not_following on the not_`` following '' tab ?
Pinterest needs to get its act together .
\\nNote : I do wish there were a way to let us know when we ve pinned something before .
Just love it !
There is no way you not_won not_t be impressed if you re into all things visual .
I love the concept , but this ting crashes about every 2 5 mins .
Maybe they are just trying to curb my pinterest addiction , but I can handle myself !
I like having the app on my phone more than my home computer because I get way more use out of it .
\\n\\nMy cons are that I ve had pictures I uploaded to a board disappear ( and I ve already deleted them from my computer ) , at times the app crashes & amp ; if something is flagged as spam it won t let you just pin the picture without a not_reference not_link .
So easy to find just about anything you re interested in who knew so many people could have such brilliant ideas ? !
Love Pinterest but I had to only give 4 stars because there needs to be a way to eliminate offensive and/or obscene images .
It s a problem .
I love this app , only wish I could figure out how to put different descriptions under the pins instead of what the previous pinner wrote .
My only complaint is that I have no not_idea not_how to find ppl outside if Facebook on the mobile app ,
Love Pinterest , I might be addicted .
Sometimes app will randomly close , but nothing is lost and they seem to have made improvements to this ,
I like that you can use the browser in the app to pin pictures but I just wish that there were more options like tabs and bookmarks so it would be easier to pin from the web on my ipad .
Sparks creativeness , ideas are endless and it s absolutely amazing ! ! ! ! !
Love the inspiration & amp ; how you can create your own places of interest !
Might work better on newer machines , but on my iPad , when browsing , it will start loading a page full of pins but almost always crashes ( blank screen , then an exit ) before it gets the page full .
This was a great idea !
I don t really know how to work it well but still like it !
I just love it !
OMG Just Love This App So Many Great Ideas It s Amazing !
One , I can t set board covers ( not that not_important , just not_thought I d mention it . )
I only wish there was a search feature available within each person s site .
The ideas are amazing and I just love everything about this app !
There is so many things that you can discover .
There are SO many great ideas !
You have to go 3 pages back to simply view the next pin on a board .
I m hoping even the website s nav issues will be upgraded at some point .
Please add a next button .
Excellent app , once you learn how to use it , you can t stop ,
I hope PINTEREST never not_goes not_away bcuz I can t live without my not_PINS not_now ! ! !
I just wish you could tell whether or not you not_pinned an not_item before .
Only problem I have encountered is it refreshes every time u go back to pins .
It would be nice if everyone would put some sort of subject in the description they type before they pin it so when you search more stuff comes up .
CScarbeary , Love the app ... .wish you could tag ppl to pins but overall love it !
: ) cooking , cleaning , baking , decorating , budgeting , fashion , kids ideas and there are so MANY tips on how to do everything !
I just love the app ,
I can t stop pinning !
Look at pinterest daily and just love the ideas and recipes , not that not_I not_use all of them but I do pin a lot .
I need to have a `` Pinterest Day '' devoted to trying all the things that I ve pinned .
\\n\\nIf you can t find it on Pinterest , it just doesn t exist .
The pinterest app is easy to navigate and has not not_crashed even not_during prolonged use .
I like to post ne kine !
Hate when it crashes while I m looking at a pin and can t find the pin again .
Only thing I don t like is not not_sure not_how to ask the poster a question or let them know that some of their ideas don t work ?
The app just makes life even better !
Love it so much , Pinterest is the best and will have me on my phone now for hours !
All ppl should have it .
I wish it would let me tag people when I post my pins , but other than that it s pretty awesome ! !
Love being able to access my broads on the go , from a recipe idea to party planning I use the app to NAIL IT !
It would be nice if the app had the same functionality as the website as far as editing pins and rearranging boards , but it s fine for casual browsing/pinning .
Please fix the CRASH issue that is obviously a persistent issue .
Also , what happened to being able to delete double entries ?
I repos things twice on accident and can t delete one !
At first , my twitter account wouldn t sync , but the issue has been fixed .
This awesome app is helping me plan my BIG DAY ! !
I feel like I have to hurry , hurry when I m pinning something so I don t lose it ! ! !
Please , please fix this ! ! ! !
I remember stumbling onto this site before it was `` all the rage '' and wondering why someone hadn t created virtual bulletin boards , with access to innumerable sources , before !
Works great and I never have not_any not_problems with it !
Wish the app would not not_allow not_u to post duplicates .
As a beginning sewer I find the ideas and tutorials on Pinterest to be priceless .
I have already made doll clothes and toys for my Granddaughter and am working on tote bags now , the possibilities are endless !
When I need some inspiration or ideas this is the place I go ! ! !
Last thing I need to is to able to pin on the go !
`` I just simply love it '' everything great for crafting ! ! ! ! !
I like the app , but it seems to crash a lot .
This app crashed every 2 minutes .
Anytime I need a recipe or am throwing a shower I go here .
The only `` issue '' i have is that I wish there was some way to pin websites like I do on the computer rather than just re pinning things from other pinners .
But despite that one small thing , I just LOVE it !
Plus , I never have not_any not_technical problems with it .
Although each updated continuously fixes bugs on the app , it still crashes almost every other time I pin something : ( that s my only complaint !
What did I do before Pinterest ?
Just love it .
Please make a flag spam button for the app though ! ! !
Everything you could think you want and soooooo much more can be found here ,
Love that they ve added secret boards for gift giving ideas !
\\nI just wish you could zoom in on the images .
Now if there was just a way I could remember I posted on Pinterest when I need it !
Love pinterest but the app could use some improvement .
It s really annoying when I m looking at a picture and it closes and I almost never not_can not_find the picture again ?
This is a good app but it won t let you invite people to join from the app version and they definitely have some kinks to work out ( e.g . It tells you that you re not not_following not_someone when you really are ; the activity screen doesn t load at all ) Overall , though , it is good and the pictures look crisp on the iPhone 4S version .
The best ideas are here !
Pin something you like , find it later when you need it .
Don t forget to search for specific things you love .
This app is great very little problems ,
I had to give it only 4 stars out of 5 , because the app sometimes acts up and shuts down mid use which can be quite annoying .
I occasionally have an issue with the app just closing but it doesn t happen enough for me to not not_use it !
Could use a little improvement , but it works great and never not_crashes .
It does occasionally crash but that is really not not_distracting .
Love the App but crashes every 5 minutes .
Only complaint is my pictures do not not_always not_save to my photo album on my iPad .
It s addictive and it makes you be creative or want to be creative !
That being said , i m very disappointed when people post things that take u to a website that charges you money for the product .
I use it all the time and have never not_had a not_problem with it .
It would also be nice if it would auto refresh when you open it .
\\nIt have everything that a person always want to know ! ! !
I LOVE Pinterest , but this app crashes way too much .
Please fix it !
However , it will often just crash for no not_reason , and not_also almost all of the time crashes if I choose I view the website the pin is attached to .
Never fails it happens when I am looking at something fabulous .
Only problem I have is that it keeps crashing on me on my iPad ,
I love the quality of the app , especially since this app wasn t available on Droid phones .
This app for the iPhone works great and I highly recommend downloading it ! !
Never realized how addicting this could be , more so than a lot of game apps available !
No need to be creative anymore !
Just love it !
I spend hours browsing and pinning : ) I just used Pinterest to find a recipe for dinner .
I do have a problem with app closing for no not_reason .
I am sure that will be fixed in the next update .
Once your start you can t stop .
I like that I can create and personalize any category I want .
Even after refresh , no not_pins or not_boards available .
I also like that you can do a search for something you are looking for .
The things I ve found on here and ideas are priceless !
I just need to stop looking at it before bed .
Problem primarily is in a `` board '' , in that I can display all my pins , just not not_after not_clicking a board .
Take a note from the Houzz app how to navigate pictures , it is pretty smooth .
& amp ; having an app for it just makes it all the better !
I have made a number of great foods & amp ; desserts that my husband has loved .
I can t stop pinning ! ! !
If only I could figure out how to pin things on my own using the iPhone .
I recommend it to all my friends .
It s going to crash and start going crazy on the touch screen like that will help anything .
Teaches you how to cook , clean , do make up , fashion , travel , and more it s simply amazing ! !
Sub boards should be available : ) ,
I really love Pinterest , but it crashes every 10 minutes !
Great time killer , unless you actually need to get things done ; it ll put you into `` pzm '' ( Pinterest Zombie Mode as my boyfriend and his friends like to call it ) and it s worse than normal cause you can bring it with you .
The only bad thing about it is that sometimes it crashes and then it sends you back to the home page .
It also doesn t show you all the pins , just a few at a time , so you have to refresh the page to see new ones .
First thing I open when I need to kill time .
Haven t had any issues with this app yet , other than being addicted to it .
Occasionally crashes , but fantastic bedsides that ! ! !
But I find the real website better when I need to locate something .
Well made app .
Have some crashing issues with the app on iphone and ipad a lot of the time however .
Everything you need is here on Pinterest .
Wish items could be pinned right from the app instead of using a bookmark .
It used to crash on my iPad about every 2 minutes .
They fixed the search glitch , but now the app randomly crashes .
As long as you know what you re looking for , it s great !
I lov it , however it needs more structures for finding pins after you pin , also ability to pick several boards to pin to at once , like some pin goes into color , kids , food I have to do it 3 X ,
I love pinterest but this app crashes all the time .
You see something you like and you go to pin it but the app crashes so you reopen it and what you tried to pin is gone , very frustrating !
Love if we could make our own pins in the app haven t figured out how to use pinmarklet .
So many things I can t wait to try !
Only problem is its addicting : ) ,
With this delightful app you can browse so many new ideas as well as learn how to do many of them .
This is great , great ideas to use outdoor & amp ; indoor ,
# fail ,
I don t know how anyone stayed awake to nurse their babies in the middle of the night before the Pinterest app ?
I love Pinterest but this app is always crashing on me ,
I have made so many awesome crafts .
Couldn t plan my wedding without it !
Just staring to learn how to use but seems great so far !
I love this app. , and if you don t have it , you are missing out ! ! ! ! ! !
I love surfing Pinterest but the app crashes a lot and I get frustrated .
I recommend this app to everyone .
Just love it .
Only problem is it occasionally crashes .
There s so much to see and I love all the interesting how to pins !
I love this can t stop browsing around ,
I would give it 5 but it crashes sometimes .
\\n ( I have only one small issue with the screen going black .
Also , a way to share one s talent and letting others be part of it .
This is a good app for the iPad , it needs to display the words from the previous poster during a pin .
I love Pinterest but the app still crashes all the time .
I would have given the review 5 stars , but my iPad often crashes in the middle of re pinning .
I love this app , except when it keeps bumping me out or tells me there are no not_pins not_available on my boards .
Love it , but it crashes a lot .
Confusing on how to join but very addicting once u figure it out !
Just stop the crashing .
Simply the most addicting app , I no longer not_need not_games on my phone to cure short term boredom .
I just wish there was an easier way to pin from safari into the app on iPhone .
Do you need more explanation ?
Missy s iPod , I don t have too many problems pinning items to boards , but I often have trouble opening my own boards .
Pinterest itself is amazing and the app has no not_issues .
Never crashes either .
Helping me plan my wedding and even gives me great DiY ideas and recipes !
I ve never not_had an not_issue with this App ! !
I love Pinterest because all my ideas are in one spot ,
The app works fine , haven t had any problems that would deter me from using it .
Get your craft supplies ready ... .your gon na need them !
( Maybe it is available and I haven t figured that out ) ,
The ideas of creativity are amazing !
App crashes constantly , especially in browser mode .
It crashes sometimes probably because I m on it all the time !
So many amazing and interesting things to see and create yourself !
Add your own , or just pin other s pins .
Awesome for those of us who are addicted to Pinterest but the app crashes a lot and just turns itself off .
If you are looking to improve your home , yourself or inspiration this is the most amazing app .
I have used it to learn how to do projects around my home & amp ; for my kids ... it s perfection ! ! !
Please fix the crashing problem ! ! !
I just love Pinterest !
I love pintrest but the app crashes all the time fix it fo five stars ,
I m giving this a one why are we forced to choose pictures we don t want to and then become forced to follow people and are not not_allowed to not_unfollow them ?
Really great app , never not_crashes .
I use this app almost everyday and updates have only made it better ! ! !
I need the save back for updates , etc . ,
They made the App even better by adding private boards .
I do wish there was a pin button available where you could pin any browser page .
I really recommend this .
If you want to actually get things accomplished on a daily basis , I wouldn t recommend it : ) ,
Disappointed when sexually explicit things get pinned when reported they are removed .
The best just love the hair and beauty category and the DIY .
It has everything you need .
I love this app and use it all the time , but it crashes a lot please fix it !
Overall , great app but can use some improvements .
The slide gestures are a good idea but not not_very not_practical for me .
I d rather use safari and just save Pinterest as a bookmark instead of going to this app .
Please fix the issue .
It is very annoying and I am unable to start from where I was located prior to the issue .
The glitches drive me crazy and just in the last few days I ve noticed it randomly pins things and creates boards that I definitely have not not_pinned or not_created .
Haven t had any problem so far ( : ,
Just wish there was a way to pin from my phone s browser .
Please fix the crashing .
I never have not_problems with it and not_its so convenient to have my Pinterest boards right in my phone whenever I need them !
They can stand to fix the crashing so much on the app but all together it is a great app .
I love how I can use it on the go .
Posting pics could be a little user friendly and not not_so not_limited to a certain size .
Can t stop pinning ! !
I always check Pinterest first for a how to instead of google .
When the app crashes and I relaunch , I can never not_find my not_original place .
Katiedid2723 , I love this app but like anything it still needs a few things tweaked , like when I want to access certain boards it will say stuff like there are no not_images not_available .
The app is pretty good except it tends to reliably crash after about 15 20 minutes .
Would get 5 stars if it weren t so crash prone .
Faithful Pinterest lover but could use some updates .
Just like the website .
So it s in my few time but I love the ideas that are there .
Doesn t crash so much anymore .
I like having access to my boards on the go too !
They had made such great updates to the site and app over the year .
However , I can t use this app on my iPad or iPhone w/ out it constantly crashing ! !
Luckily I use my laptop most of the time & amp ; I ve yet to have a problem there .
But it d sure make me a happy girl if this could be fixed !
Constantly being updated which shows that the developers are really focused on fixing issues and adding new features .
Every time I use the app it crashes and it has been like this for a long time !
Please fix whatever it is that s making it do this !
I recommend this app , a most download .
So if your reading this just download this app , I promise you that you ll live is as much as I do .
The diy section is awesome and there are so many great ideas for clothing , weddings , home decor and more .
Love it , just don t like how some pins don t have a URL ,
Great app ... crashes a lot though .
, 4 , rmk94 , I believe EVERYONE IN THE WORLD should have a Pinterest , there is something for anyone s interest .
Not one problem with it , you have to get it now !
Exactly what the Internet always needed a place to keep and organize all that neat stuff you find ,
Hard to get started and figure out how to move around .
I think pinterest is great fun , but this app is always crashing .
You have to get the `` pin to Pinterest '' app to make it complete !
I have made so many things from Pinterest and have many more plans for my appartment and my son ! ! !
Still crashes a lot .
Love the app : ) but it crashes sometimes .
The amount of information and the creative ideas available at the click of a button is unreal !
I don t know if I need to update the app or what but it keeps closing on me randomly !
How can we make suggestions ?
Having it on my iphone has been so useful , I suggest it to all my friends !
See my first review below .
you ever find yourself `` just trying to get to the bottom of the page '' before you go to bed ?
\\n\\nPrevious Review : I just joined Pinterest and have to say I love it so far .
If I can t access from my phone I will lose interest quickly !
I love that you can now have `` private '' boards which is where I pin gift ideas don t want my friends/family seeing what may be their gift : ) ,
This app use to crash all the time , and that was the only bad thing .
Love pinteres web based and the app provides me with mobile entertainment while waiting in line , etc . ,
I can find anything I need or would ever desire !
I highly recommend this site because it covers such a wide range of subjects it s got something for everyone : ) ,
It crashes every five minutes !
It crashes whenever I try to repin stuff , and sometimes it s just random .
It never not_fails to not_provide some sort of inspiration for cooking , fun things to make , clothing and accessories ! ! !
I just plan love it !
The only problem I have is that it keeps shutting off every 20 30 min .
It s great to have your collection available at your fingertips especially for a quick reference when out scouting for supplies .
No need to google !
I spend way to much time on it lol the only negative is when the app crashes !
I have had no not_problems with the not_app crashing or not not_working .
I highly recommend using this app if you enjoy pinterest .
I had made a lot of little knick knacks and were all a huge hit .
I can t stop browsing ,
Do not not_like not_being told what I can and can t post grow up if you don t like it don t look !
If your kids are on here they should have supervision !
Nothing bad to say other than I need more hours and $ $ $ $ $ $ !
\\n\\n*I do wish the instructions were more clear regarding adding the Pin It button to your iPhone .
You guys need to fix that , it s getting really annoying !
Fast , accurate , doesn t provide limited search results like you d often find in apps or mobile sites .
Once in a while I ll hit a bug but I usually just see it as a sign that I ve been on too long ,
I just love all the fabulous ideas for parties ... .decorating .
I love Pinterest but the app needs a button to `` scroll to top . ''
I do think the iPad app could use a little polishing .
It crashes constantly .
I literally have to set an alarm so that I don t spend all day on Pinterest .
It is super user friendly , like when I want to open a particular pin in Safari etc. , there is no not_lag or not_issues .
I have made so many things from stuff I have seen from other users .
Occ will freeze , but full of ideas that are useful and great !
Honestly , I love Pinterest so much , you would have to really try to actually make a bad app .
`` Just do it . ''
I just LOVE this app !
App crashes every so often , but I love this site .
It needs to be easier to repin something ,
I need to pace myself and pick a different topic each day and only focus on it .
Definitely my place to go for ideas or for how to do something .
The website and app tend to have issues a lot !
Once u pop , u can t stop ,
It s perfect , honestly I can t think of anything that needs to be changed or fixed !
It used to freeze sometimes months ago , but haven t had any problems in quite awhile .
The only reason I have it 4 stars was because of how the app crashes sometimes or double pins things .
I love pinterest , but it keeps crashing , and it has a few bugs .
I have never not_had a not_problem with this app and I use it almost every day .
Doesn t matter how many times they update it it crashes .
From DIY to fashion and dream houses , etc . this app has all you need !
Masterreviewperson , Constantly crashes !
Pinterest is always so great to fix bugs !
I love that I can plan , organize and save ideas for projects .
Love it just like the website ! !
It crashes all the time !
But why does this app crash ALL the time ?
I just love Pinterest !
I like the iPad app ok , but it s constantly crashing .
Once your start you can t stop .
But overall still a kickass app you can find anything on there .
\\nBUT it crashes all the time .
So glad they made it into an app .
Love Pinterest my only complaint is that the app crashes a lot thankfully you don t lose any data though .
Wish Pinterest would notify you if you already posted a pin otherwise I love it ,
Love the app just needs to allow tagging people in pins .
Only thing ill complain about is that the app crashes sometimes .
I d recommend this app to everyone that just loves finding new beginnings .
I use it for recipes , home decor and garden tips n how to s..
I love that I can use Pinterest for work and fun stuff for my family too !
But this app crashes constantly !
sGirl , Pinterest has provided so many ideas both for me and for my husband s `` honey do list ! ''
There are so many great ideas shared on the site .
It is very organized and I would tell anyone to get it !
I haven t had any problems !
I have made a few of the recipes & amp ; craft ideas .
That Pinterest would tell you if u repeated a pin ! !
I have no not_problems , not_other than I never not_want to not_close the app !
You can make multiple pin boards for any topic and can search for topics or items so easily : ) I m so glad I made one !
The only problem is that it will crash for no not_reason .
It is my favorite app but lately it does not not_work not_very well on my iPad .
To get back to the main page , you have to continually close the top window .
I can not not_use my not_iPad without it not_being the not_first app I open !
love Pinterest but crashes frequently .
Why buy magazines ?
Jetgrrl , I can t stop pinning ! !
Once I learned what to do , how to do it ! ! ! !
It rarely not_crashes .
I absolutely LOVE being able to access Pinterest almost anywhere with my iPod , but on the downside this app tends to crash often .
Now they need an app to kick me off of pinterest .
Why didn t I try this earlier ? ?
I really like Pinterest but it crashes all the time !
I will have to delete it if this problem is not not_fixed as it not_is too aggravating !
I m addicted to this site , I need a 12 step program .
Never fails to put me in a good mood !
I absolutely love this app , great for when you have to wait around or just simply bored !
Never had a problem on this app .
I haven t had any problems with it .
ColeeSnapper , Any ideas you need for DIY , for cooking , for style , inspiration , etc . it s all here .
I ve used it for so many things and when I need to laugh I look at the submissions in the humor category .
There is literally something for everyone here and the app has been very easy to use .
Frequent updates , but with the updates I haven t run into any bugs , which is refreshing .
Is there a 12 step group for this ?
Im so addicted to Pinterest , i keep finding things that make me create a new board for ... ..yep i am addicted ! ! ! ! !
it would be nice if you could view follower requests on the app .
You can t just pin it as your searching , you have to actually open it to pin it .
My complaint about using it on a mobile devise is lately it has been crashing .
It s wonderful and yes it does help kill time if you need to pass time .
Even with the long awaited update it crashes just the same as before !
No bugs were fixed in my opinion .
I dont like that it crashes .
Please fix it .
People have told me they are having issues seeing my pins and boards , as well .
I just wish it wouldn t crash , then I would give it 5 stars .
\\n\\nUpdate 3/3/12 the app is crashing all the time now !
On it for hours didn t have problems !
I m currently using it to help my sister plan her wedding and we love it !
I love that you can look at so many different kinds of topics .
Love the app , but it crashes a lot on my iPad .
Just wish it didn t freeze when scrolling sometimes .
There are so many good ideas !
But the app crashes a lot .
What was life like before Pinterest ?
There are so many cool ideas on here that I would never have not_thought of .
I only wish you could have groups or categories on each board or create categories that consist of different boards .
Love it just love it ,
The only problem is that I can t stop pinning ! !
Easy to navigate and never not_crashes .
I recommend this site and app to all .
It s a great app to discover new stuff and learn how to do stuff .
App works exactly as advertised , and hasn t crashed on me once since installation .
The site is good , but the app just takes it to the next level ,
I updated the iPad app & amp ; now experience frequent crashes .
I just love it ! ! ! !
I only wished there was a way to pin from the iPad & amp ; iPhone like there is on the desktop version .
I never not_had a not_problem with the app crashing before .
But now when I re pin more than 2 pictures , it crashes .
Just love all the projects , tips , and ideas ! !
Would have been 5 stars , but the app crashes A LOT !
Love how they collaborate many things that you want to search ,
Just pin it and read it later !
At times , it crashes on me when I m really involved with it ... hence , the 4 stars .
Its like having a magazine without not_having to have not_all those ads .
Very easy to use , but I do have a few issues with the program , such as freezes and slow loads .
Perfect for specific searches or if you just need to unwind .
One down fall and the reason I didn t give a full five stars is because the iPad app ALWAYS ALWAYS crashes .
Please fix the app ! !
If I need a cure , idea , recipe , etc .
If its not on not_here you not_don t need it .
I just love it ! ! ! !
The app makes everything easy to access but there are times I can t do everything from the app and must use the web version which can be frustrating .
Gave me a lot ideas about how to dress .
Love Pinterest for recipes , how to s , healthy living , cute pics ... and much much more !
When I m on late at night the program always crashes .
I love all the pics but the app crashes every time I find good stuff .
Just 1 bug that must be fixed .
I can t stop ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
my pinterest app has been crashing multiple times a day for a while and it really frustrates me .
I have no not_need for not_other frivolous things in my life , Pinterest is all I need !
See above .
Shuts down now and then ... but not not_enough to not_be a big problem .
Whether it s fitness , food , crafts , or how to get rid of stains .
There are so many great ideas here !
I love Pinterest but this app crashes on me about 10 times a day .
The update I just got made it even worse .
Everything I need is here to pin on the go : ) ,
It also crashes A LOT when I try to use the browser to search for my own unique pins as opposed to repinning from others .
I just love this sight ! ! !
Just wish you could edit in you own folders .
Another app you can t stop using !
You can t stop ! !
I seriously think I have a problem .
It works ok , sometimes it crashes when loading larger pictures .
I like the Pinterest , but it has taken several months to figure out how to get around both the app and the website .
I can t think of everything !
I just love it .
Love the site but the app has problems all the time .
I can only use it for two min tops before it crashes ,
But it really needs a reminder button to let you know that you have already pinned or liked something .
Feeds my collector obsession without not_taking not_up room in the house ; none of my treasures needs to be dusted or watered or insured ; open 24 7 .
I love all the great ideas you can get from them and most of them that I have tried have been successful yayyy for Pinterest ,
Now I need to retire , so I ll have the time to try all the recipes and make all the crafts I ve pinned ! !
Everything you could need , I can t stop ,
I have made many things and I just love the cleaner recipes .
It also crashes once in a while for no not_apparent not_reason .
with a short attention span , who is much more willing to wedding plan when ideas are right in front of him : ) ,
I do wish there was a way to pin from my phone browser .
I planned my whole wedding on my Wedding Fever board !
Pinterest is a great thing and I love spending time browsing pins but I can t understand why it is such a large App ! ! !
I have gotten lots of ideas and made many wonderful meals using this ! !
Caution ... you may become addicted .
This website is amazing , I just wish you could rotate the screen and zoom in on images .
Pinterest creates new pages for each search making it easy to go back to originals searches .
Never have problems with crashes .
Great to store my recipes when I need them on the go .
I get so angry when it crashes .
And it crashes every single time I use it .
Please fix that .
The only change I would have is that I wish you could look at fewer pictures per page , but larger !
I love scrolling through pinterest and just wrote a college paper on its popularity .
It has so many good ideas and fantastic tips ... you could spend the rest of your life using it !
Love pinterest , don t love the way it crashes on the iPad .
Why can t this be fixed ?
Nothing else crashes for me on the iPad .
I highly recommend it !
I think we need to be able to click on someone s profile pictures to see them closer ,
After having 21 boards , a secret board , and over 3,000+ pins , I can say I would love to see better search options like being able to search in a general category of my choice , since if I search now , there is only one search box which searches all categories .
It crashes all the time .
I absolutely LOVE pinterest , but the app crashes all the time .
Har made several crafts and paintings from Pinterest .
Totally recommend it .
s Mommy , But , please fix the crashing !
Also , it would be great if you would allow users to change their profile picture from the mobile app .
Awesome sight for how to do about anything .
But it crashes too much .
It has helped me a lot with cleaning out my diet and just eating healthy !
Highly recommend it .
THe ideas , tutorials , examples and patterns are limitless .
However the app is always crashing on me !
I just recently discovered this app and I absolutely love it .
Rockin app ... just hate when it suddenly crashes .
Please fix the bugs .
It crashes alot ,
Tim Love , The app is easy to use and much more accessible than the mobile site ; however , it crashes too often when I use the iPad version .
It seems like it crashes more and more each day : ( I really hope they can figure this problem out ! !
Will make you want to craft .
App does have frequent technical issues which are a pain ,
The Pinterest app used to crash on my old iPhone 3G .
It will occasionally crash but I jut ignore it and pin away !
This app is friendly to use and it makes your grocery shopping easier if you just have the recipes with you that you are going to try !
Hardly ever crashes anymore !
I get so many ideas for my classroom , my house , organization , my style , and anything else I d like to know or do ! ! !
We are also trying to plan a trip to Disney and all the tips are so helpful for a big family like ours ! !
The app crashes pretty consistently , and the I loose my page or the board I was on .
Just wished there was more ideas for clothing & amp ; styles for plus size ladies .
\\nIt took me a little while to know how to use it but after that its greeeeeeeeeat !
Haven t had any problems !
What was life before Pinterest ?
I just wish that every photo we come across on our phones could be pinned directly to our boards .
I have a wedding to plan and there s so many great ideas its great that I can have Pinterest wherever I go so if I need to show people something all I have to do is whip out my iPod and I m ready to go : ) ,
No questions asked , just download it .
I love how you can access everything as you can on the website .
It has eliminated my need for making list when I go to the store to buy things that I will be making I pin it or like it , and when I go to the store I just pull it up on the app and get everything I need because it s listed right there ,
I used to bra Pinterest addict.first step to recovery is admitting you have a problem ... I literally HATE pinterests new update.its horrible .
BlueChrystal4 , I m a huge fan of Pinterest , but it seems that every time I use the app on my iPod , it crashes after 5 10 minutes .
Application does not not_work not_well .
Slow , crashes , and does not not_show not_pinnings .
Perfect photos , I love this app however , the app keeps on crashing down so please fix that bug thanks ! ! ! ! !
I , at least , have some issues with it when using my IPhone .
It s a little difficult to pin from the app , but if you look up how to do it , you can manage .
The last time I used the app on my iPad , it crashed six times within a ten minute period .
Why does it ?
Sometimes , it crashes so it would be nice for that to get fixed .
The windows phone needs to make its app like this !
It crashes after being used for a while and it gets pretty annoying .
I would have given it 5 stars if it never not_crashed .
The app crashes every time I use it , both for iPad and iPhone .
Awesome app for anything you re looking for .
I love this app however it constantly crashes on my iPad which is so incredibly irritating !
Super awesome , never not_let me not_down , never not_crashed !
It s really bothering me that you can t change the profile picture ! !
Please fix that ! !
It is alot of fun , BUT it crashes frequently and takes up almost 2 whole gigabytes \\nOverall i love it though ,
I highly recommend it to anyone .
Only thing is every once and a wile it crashes but I love it ! ! ! ! !
I am on here everyday !
The app is easy to use on mobile devices , but it crashes a lot ,
So when I m trying to find something I have pinned , it is rather frustrating to find the board I need .
It s great when you re in a pinch and need to check something that you have pinned !
I highly recommend Pintrest ! !
I love the site but it crashes way to much .
I can find anything I need on here .
I probably get on pinterest more than Facebook more interesting lately : ) just need to be able to see more ,
Also it crashes every 2 minutes , it is extremely annoying and I would like it to stop .
I absolute love Pinterest I am addicted made my life much simpler and made me a more creative person ! !
Mostly reliable , though there have been a few times I couldn t access that recipe I d planned to use for dinner .
I still don t know how to pin or save info that I like but I can look for hours .
I am so addicted to Pinterest only issue I have with it is it keeps crashing please\\nfix this issue ,
The only problem is that it crashes a lot and I really hate that , please fix that .
I love the concept of Pinterest , but whenever new content loads while I am viewing a feed the app will crash .
Please fix this !
We tried disconnecting from Facebook and the iPad , but still the friend can not not_link to their not_own Facebook account .
In general , I would love if pinterest would allow you to keep certain boards private , so one could use it for storing ideas without not_all not_followers seeing .
App crashes too much to use the site easily .
It s perfect if you need a new recipe or a laugh .
Works great I can t think of more I can say ?
Constantly crashes .
The app crashes every ten minutes or so .
The second issue I have been having is when I go to re pin something everything in the comment box is gone but if I scroll backwards it is there .
I would really love the app if those two issues could be fixed .
It crashes .
I m getting ready to go to college and it has everything I need , from advice to what to buy , and I can spend literally hours just perusing through the sections .
Especially when you can t sleep at night !
Just wish the app wouldn t lock up and close in the middle of browsing .
Great app but I wish there was a way to move your pins from board to board on the mobile device .
Love it but I wish you could pin with it ,
My only complaint is that you can t mass delete pins that you don t need anymore ; you have to delete each individually which takes time .
I love this site and app , but it crashes every single time I use it and it is sooo frustrating .
I love that I can pin them & amp ; find them when I need them !
Whenever I get on and start pinning it just randomly will exit out and go back to my home page , when it does this I lose every pin I ve pin I d done thus far .
I am currently planning my wedding and I was clueless about what I wanted , but this app has helped me find so many great ideas for my wedding .
Great ideas but the site crashes too often .
I looooovvvveeeee it it s amazing it s helping me plan my unique wedding its great and I use it for creative projects and tattoos and fashion everybody should get hip to this ,
Jenn Ortiz , If you don t have it you are missing out have u been living under a rock ! ! ! !
There are a few things that I wish you could do or just maybe haven t figured out HOW to do yet .
I think it would be better if you could make it more customizable .
I also wish there was an easier way to organize or reorganize pins .
It has become a tool that I use weekly when I need a fresh idea !
However , I wish there was a way to share pin boards with people , to text or email a whole board , rather than a pin .
And you can add things that you find noteworthy so others can see them and you can find them easily .
And I don t know if anything could be done on the developer s part to fix it : sometimes the links don t work when you try to go to the source of the pin .
I just love it , I love it ... ,
However I had to give it four stars for one reason , and that s because very recently , regardless of all updates , the app has been crashing a lot .
I wish there was a way to add pins on the app from outside links though ,
What more do I need to say ? ! ?
It s probably my fault for picking something that caused that but I d like to know how to fix it .
Everyone should have it .
Since updated haven t had any problems !
However , if you update and then attempt to use the app , it will crash the first few times you use it .
This app has a great interface , but seems to crash a lot .
\\n\\nHowever , there is a new spam/bug that creates and pins infomercials crap on your profile without your not_permission .
The only issue I have with it is when I pin things it takes up memory on my phone .
Is there anything that can be done about this ?
I think it could use some updates such as being able to browse through with just swiping across the pins one after another .
Only 4 stars because the app crashes a lot after so many pins , it s very annoying !
The back button hides and you have to scroll down for it to appear .
haven t had any issues at all with it .
This app is my go to when I have a free moment or when I need to pass the time .
Kikinviv , Anything ur looking for is here !
I LOVE Pinterest , but this app crashes occasionally that s why I didn t give it 5 stars .
I have been able to pin projects , go to the store , and pull up what I need !
only problem sometimes is it crashes occasionally on my phone when I try to open websites from the pin .
\\nI have found a lot of fabulous things that interest me ... ..it can use a lot of time exploring .
Awesome app just needs more organization so you can search ,
I have to say it does crash a fair amount , but I always take that as a reminder to go live some real life , rather than falling any further down the wonderful Pinterest rabbit hole !
There is only one problem that I am having and that is scrolling my boards to choose which one to pin to ; my boards do not not_scroll ! !
Maybe someone else can tell me how to solve this little technician problem ! !
I can find everything here from home remedies on how to clean something with ease or how to fix it .
How to make a new craft or yummy meal !
So glad they added the `` edit '' feature !
Haven t had any issues with it and can honestly say I m happy with it .
And you can create as many boards as you need to keep it all organized so its easy to come back and look at your pins later .
The only problem I have found so far is some of my pins seem to disappear off my boards if someone could tell me why and how to fix it would be a five star app .
When you have nothing to do , or when your sitting waiting at a doctors office , perfect for to pass time .
Use it every time I need inspiration for a creative project !
Please fix it !
Constantly crashes !
I comes in hand when I need to look up the supplies for an activity I am doing .
( If it crashes it resumes quickly ! )
Only downside is it crashes a lot ,
I m just not not_sure not_how to pin from a page on my phone .
Great for those times where you need to make some decisions but can t quiet think of things to use , buy , eat or decorate .
I like the new added secret boards .
Also , I find that some features are not not_available on the not_iPad so I often use my computer to do this .
Hopefully new and less not_timely not_editing features will be available soon .
\\nJust trying to figure out how to translate some of the postings into English !
Make my house clutter free , just pin it and come back when your ready .
I Love this site , but it CRASHES all the time !
Love the idea , but again , it s frustrating when you are in the middle of going to a source , the app crashes frequently and you can t always get back to where you were before the crash .
This app has never not_failed me , it not_is genius .
I can t leave without it !
Only shortcoming is not not_being not_able to access secret boards as easily .
It s a great idea , and takes you all over the world .
The only problem with it is that is unbelievably addictive !
Very occasionally it will crash but open up again right away without not_trouble .
Its like having a new magazine everyday , but better , no not_paper not_cutter , just pin , pin , pin ... next day , go back , and pin , pin , and more pin !
I love Pinterest I have made several recipes all delicious and have some great ideas for summer vacation !
\\nOnly problem is that the app will shut down every now and then so if you are looking at a specific pin it will lose what you were looking at .
I really enjoy this app , only problem is it occasionally crashes for me .
Love the app I am on it all the time and if I m bored I will get on pintrest or if I need to look at something that is fashion lots of other stuff I will get on pintrest of course I cause I love it I give it a 5 star of course ,
Just love the app , doesn t crash often !
Love Pinterest but the app likes to crash a lot ,
Just wish it crashed less ,
Still has some problems cutting off text in comments ,
It crashes with every other repin .
Like it , but it crashes too many times .
I just used it for about 40 mins and it randomly quit on me 5 times .
I love how you can easily search through different categories without not_having to not_type it into the search bar .
It is amazing the amount of information you can find on anything .
Only crashed once and I use it repeatedly everyday !
I never not_knew that not_I was missing out on so many crafts .
I love love Pinterest awesome concept but no not_matter not_if I access it from my iPad or iPhone it crashes .
Wonderful site but crashes too much .
Why does this app crash every time I try to pin something ?
Highly recommend it !
System is always crashing and some of the links are not not_what not_they are suppose to be ! !
I used to just use StumbleUpon but this lets you categorize all your likes for easy access .
It made cooking fun again !
It freezes and crashes often .
I expected more .
If there are any bugs in the app , no longer not_then not_2 weeks , an update will be ready !
I can t stop pinning ! ! !
\\nAlthough it crashes on me every so often when I m scrolling or repinning .
Please fix this ! ! !
App for Droid never not_worked not_right .
After latest update though login fails a lot .
It s a great site for whatever u need to know .
I ll be happily pinning away then BOOM , app crashes .
Never had it crash .
I have never not_had not_any problems with the app on my ipad , no not_crashing , not_no double pins and no not_issues with not_strangers showing up on my followed page as some others have mentioned .
I love the new updated app even though it does freeze up at times to where I need to restart it but that happens rarely .
No need to get on the computer to search Pinterest .
I can t stop pinning .
There is still a few bugs with the app .
Highly recommend it ! ! !
I love Pinterest , and this is a handy app , but it crashes too much !
When it crashes I lose my place and have to start from the top .
I can t stop pinning ,
Only downside to the app is not not_being not_able to edit boards like you can on a desktop .
I love this app but it crashes so much lately that I tend to avoid it to reduce the frustration .
Only thing I ve noticed you can t do with the app is edit your password ,
But I m addicted to Pinterest and I like to have it with me at all times .
I am cooking more , creating more and saving money .
Besides it crashing every now and then , can not not_connect not_issues ... not not_bad .
The information on most pics are great ideas , great recepies , and amazing DIY items ! ! ! !
I like that Pinterest is not only not_available on my not_computer , but on my phone as well !
Any suggestions ?
I didn t really understand all the fuss until I created an account .
My only issue is when it says `` Oops something went wrong on our end . ''
Highly recommend the app but would be extremely grateful if the issues with crashing could be resolved .
I just love Pinterest ! !
wish there were more privacy settings for boards , I want more categories to choose from , more control over front page ( upvote & amp ; downvote boards ) \\nOver all it s good and super addictive , it could just use a little improvement to make it great .
There are things I still do not not_do or not_use all of the features , but love it !
I don t have any problems with pinterest .
I love to look around and find a whole lot of creative ideas I can use myself .
It crashes constantly and I do mean constantly .
I love the layout but the app crashes every five minutes !
whoever made this .
Wish I knew how to use it following , pinning , etc . ,
There are so many crafty ideas , yummy recipes , cute clothes , beauty tips , everything you need : ) ,
Very helpful to have when at the store and you forget the ingredients to that yummy recipe you pinned !
So great for planning or just getting ideas for anything !
It has something for everyone and the ideas are endless !
The app is set up okay , but my app crashes constantly .
\\n\\nAlso , it would be cool if you could set a profile picture for yourself under account settings .
I love the app but wish there was a way to invite friends .
Just love it !
Just love it !
My only complaint about the app is that it occasionally crashes , which is frustrating when you were just about to repin something cool .
You need it , it s there , answer , solution , or want it s there .
I like being on it for hours , till it begins to crash .
That s it s only problem .
It sometimes crashes though , but usually cooperates well .
I love this ap but it constantly crashes on my iPad .
Whether you want to find something to cook , wear , or find ideas of how to decorate your house .
I find myself having to uninstall and reinstall often because the app can t fetchmy pins .
So glad you made an app for one of my favorite sites .
Everyone should have it .
I like everything except for how often it crashes ,
someone posted a very inappropriate picture of themselves and I couldn t figure out how to report it .
Does everything I expect it to do .
Roni48 , I like this app , but it crashes randomly .
This app is improving with each update but it needs an open in Safari button when you look at the sites being pinned ,
\\nThere s great ideas & amp ; awesome recipes .
I wish you could tag people though , can t ever get it to work .
Only problem is that it crashes every now and then .
\\nWish it didn t just shut down at times .
I don t see how anyone could ever give this app anything but five stars , I love Pinterest !
You can t report pins via the app , and often the app jumps back up in your feed randomly .
Good place to post your photos and interests and share the world .
There are so many great ideas and tips for everything you could possibly want or need in your daily life ,
Fun and beautiful way to organize brilliant ideas ... you could lose yourself for hours !
Please have separate category for knitting/crocheting !
Lol The only issue is that it force closes A LOT .
A whole lot of everything I never not_knew not_how much I wanted to know ,
Really enjoying myself trying new recipes , ideas for my home office , just checking out what else is out there in the world that people are creating .
Wish I could get paid to pin ! ! ! !
Love this app keeps my occupied when I m bored or can t sleep ,
Love the app , especially since the bugs have been fixed .
I plan dinner with it , satisfy my geek side by collecting fun info for my sci fi interests , and collect tons more info I can use later .
I love Pinterest , I just wish it could tell you if you ve already pinned something ! !
So many ideas and such am awesome app !
Can t figure out how to change the profile picture though .
It s a very fun app I think it should be free ,
Very seldom are there any problems .
I have yet to have any serious problems and usually everything can be solved with just trying again .
I love it , but sometimes it freezes and crashes .
I like to browse the ALL category and I know there are enough ideas that they don t have to be repeated to fill a page ! !
On the plus side if I saw it once and forgot to pin to a board I can do it the next time .
I `` repin '' a bunch of great ideas and crafts I just can t wait to try ! ! !
It has crashed a couple of times but when I reopen it , it being me right back to where I was .
Works great and I ve never not_had not_any issues .
I may be slightly addicted .
Lets me save so many ideas , post my own & amp ; share with the world .
It has everything I need all I could ever ask for ... It s addicting !
The only problem I have with this app version is that when you look at an image , the interface is not as not_clean as it not_maybe should be on a smart phone .
I m constantly trying to resize the image on my screen to see it in its entirety ) but then it messes up and now I m being linked to the webpage instead of just resizing my pic .
I have never not_had a not_problem .
I have been able to access it quickly and search for whatever I need at a moments notice and it has saved the day on many occasion .
My favorite boards help me communicate with friends about new recipes or hobbies , provide me with humorous sayings or memes , and save things to share with my mother .
I can t even count how many recipes and food/drinks ideas I ve borrowed from Pinterest .
Love being able to take Pinterest anywhere I go , but application sometimes fails .
I thought it was great when they created an app .
Fuggedabowdit , What did we do before Pinterest ?
The only thing I can t figure out is after you click on a website for the pin , I don t know how to go back to where I was in my search .
This is seriously my favorite app I look at it all the time but it crashes so much that I learn how long to stay on before I go to sleep by the number of crashes I have if it weren t for that I would have 5 stars ,
I highly recommend this app for anyone looking to occupy their boredom .
LOL I recommend it , really .
But you crash a lot on my iPhone 4S .
I did not not_expect not_this app to be so helpful and interesting .
At least , until it randomly crashes .
As if Pinterest needs a review , of course it s the greatest app invented ! !
I never not_had an not_issue with this app .
New mom , less not_time , not_I m deleting every other social network and just keeping Pinterest .
My biggest problem is the reloading issues and when it closes on me for no not_reason not_but that seems to be rectified with the current update so we ll see how it goes !
I just wish there was an easy way to pin things from my phone like the `` pin it '' button on my desktop ,
It helps me keep track of all things I like and organize them in a way that is useful to me : ) ,
BUT sooooo sick of it crashing in the middle of searching a category .
Alway on it love it and so need it .
So glad that you have made it available on the IPHONE ! !
iPad app provides a horrible user experience by crashing every few minuets .
I m addicted to Pinterest and this app allows me to do almost everything that I need to do !
The only thing is that it crashes frequently for me .
It is so nice to have a place to save everything I would otherwise forget about .
Just love it !
Did I forget to say I just LOVE IT .
Best social media app available !
Anything you want to know , it s there !
Enjoy it but crashes way too often ,
You can find almost any DIY project or recipe you need .
This is a fabulous way to easily see what other people are creating , cooking and what fabulous DIY projects are available !
This is a useful app for pinning off of others boards but I haven t figured out how to pin from the web browser on my phone , not not_sure not_if it is possible .
There are so many good ideas and you can find anything .
I am on this whenever I need a recipe , craft idea , anything ! !
Learning how to use Pintrest .
\\n & amp ; \\nThat you could search keywords and terms in your pin boards .
I can find anything ? ?
LeemonJelo , This version works just fine but the previous version that streamed a single column , rather than two side by side , was much easier and nicer to view .
The app is good , except that it crashes after a while .
Please keep adding edit options ,
Those aren t humorous and they are clearly under the wrong category ... .so if everything is going to somehow mix together why have categories in the first place ?
I am sure anyone can use Pinterest .
Nothing else needs to be said , I m a Pinterest junkie ! ! !
Love , now that I found out how to pin from my phone .
I may be addicted !
Taj Turner , The iPhone app could use some work , but the iPad app is perfect .
Can t stop pinning ! ! !
Please fix the problem .
Greatest app ever don t have any problems with it ,
Too often it has issues accessing pins or it shuts down all together and when I reopen it , I have lost the item I was trying to pin .
This is definetly a women s app : ) great ideas too !
I haven t had any problems ,
My wife and I just bought a condo and we are remodeling the entire place .
`` Boards '' are a great idea for maintaining organization in a simple yet efficient manor .
Greatest app ever no more not_having to not_pull up safari just follow everyone and share ideas : ) ,
Great for if you ran to the store to complete a Pinterest project and forgot your list of supplies !
I love that you can open websites within the app .
I do wish that you could create new pins not just not_repin .
Once I figured out how to pin from my iPhone , I ve become a Pinaddict .
I actually use it more than Facebook.its odd people say it crashes .
I have never not_been one to not_be crafty or have any motivation to try new things , but this has made me into that kind of person !
Love Pinterest\\nSeems a lot quicker to pin things on mobile\\nBut , the app tends to crash a lot .
But the app will often quite on me for no not_reason .
So why make an app where you don t have the capability to pin ?
The rest of the app is what you would expect of Pinterest .
I love the iPhone version very easy to navigate and never not_crashes .
The iPad version crashes frequently .
I just need to stay away from it because it wastes my day away ! !
I love that you can edit your pins , and I love the secret boards .
I love this app , but on my iPad it crashes too often .
The app crashes on my iPad way too often .
Yeah it has some bugs to be fixed but .
Just wish you could have more hidden boards .
Few bugs that could be worked out but I love it !
Whenever I need some inspiration for a project or something I can see other creative ideas or just when I m bored I have something to scatter through ,
Love it except when the app crashes .
Moved into a house and I needed useful and quick ideas so I used this app and website .
I even created my own account and get on it daily .
The info here is always relevant it doesn t have a time limit .
Could be improved by adding a few more major categories and less not_repeats of not_pins .
Wether I want to use faith based ideas or hands on Montessori , the ideas are endless ! !
I absolutely LOVE Pinterest and have now forgotten all my other social networks due to this ! !
I will say Pinterest works better on my computer than my phone because I get error messages on the Pinterest side when I try to read tutorials , etc . but it could also be my coverage more than the app itself .
Great app sometimes it takes a while to load images but ideas are great I use it for everything !
I love pintrest but this app needs major work .
I have made several things from my boards .
The new ideas and things to try are awesome !
The only way to do this is to delete and re pin ... which is a pain ! !
It s super easy to use and the ideas are endless .
I enjoy Pinterest a lot , except that it continually crashes and I have to keep pulling it back up .
However , it crashes A LOT ! ! ! !
PINTEREST REALLY NEEDS TO GET THIS TOGETHER !
It s getting better , but it still crashes a lot .
Either way it s a relaxing way to spend a few minutes or a few hours !
the only problem is the amount of time I spend on here : ) ,
I love that I pin something and while I m shopping I can easily pull it up and get the materials I need to do what project I want to .
It s such a great app I can t live without it not_I have a not_Pinterest addiction it shows so many good ideas I can t get enough ,
I love the app but unfortunately it is still crashing for me : ( ,
Problems : will not not_pivot the not_picture/video when you play it through Pinterest , and the app crashes randomly after a lot of use .
The only thing you might regret is how much of your time you spend pinning !
Whether you re looking for fun tricks , house ideas , or even for fun meal ideas Pinterest is the place .
Only negative : if you use Pinterest on your phone and pin a lot of things it ends up using major space on your phone and you will have to uninstall/reinstall to get your space back .
it didn t always crash !
I could pin a few things before it crashes .
Just wish I can add a profile pic without not_adding or not_linking to a Facebook or twitter .
I love the way this application works , I hate how it crashes so frequently .
I have tried rebooting my iPad , but it does not not_help .
So my only complaint is it constantly crashing .
Why is It required to have an account with Facebook or Twitter ?
It would also be nice if the app matched the PC version .
I love , love , love this app , but I am only giving it 4 stars because it crashes all the time : / ,
It needs no not_review .
Exactly what I needed to keep all that inspires me in one place !
Bdubs1983 , This app crashes regularly for me , but I have a first gen so not not_sure not_who is to blame .
It consistently crashes , especially when I use the search .
It crashes sometimes though .
It crashes every couple of minutes usually when I m trying to reprint or comment .
Please fix it !
I adore Pinterest , but the app crashes regularly which is extremely frustrating .
I enjoy the site and love the touch flexibility with the iPad ; however , the App still continuously crashes on the Original iPad .
Iv had no not_problems with it , not_no bugs , no not_glitches not_over all it s a great app it definitely deserves 5 stars ! ! !
I have been a member of Pinterest for a few months but just recently got this app .
Wish there was a way to weed out the pins with broken links & amp ; that when you click on a pin and it takes you to someone s blog/website/tumblr that it would go right to it instead of going to the newest content and you have to hunt all over for what you came to look at .
If I had a shop selling clothes or shoes I would use this site to advertise .
It crashes sometimes but other than that it s perfect !
I always use it to read the quotes it provides .
Words can not not_do not_this website justice !
I think it would also be great if there was an `` already pinned that '' alert and the ability to search within your boards .
The app CAN be a little glitchy it crashes every now and then but overall it s fabulous .
Only problem is it shuts down 5 minutes after I open it on my iPad .
Please fix this ASAP ! !
I like it but it crashes or closes abruptly at times .
Easy to use , only complaint would be that I can t pin websites on the app and have to go to be full site to do so .
Pin it and it crashes , try to go to the web page of a pin and it crashes and kicks me out before I get to pin it then I can never not_find the not_pin again ! ! !
Would be nice to have a warning if you have already pinned the same image on a board .
I just don t like being kicked out of app ever so often .
Please fix this , please !
What happened to automatically seeing those you follow first ?
I love the idea of Pintrest and it is addicting , but the new version crashes all the time on my iPad .
There are some pretty cool craft ideas and some really good recipes !
Never had any issues with bugs ,
I like pinterest but the app is constantly crashing on my iPad .
Pinterest is such a great concept but it often crashes and marks different likes than I chose .
What did I do before ?
The only thing that could be improved it will log out at random times and you lose your spot .
My 12 year old and I just love it !
It helps me to never not_forget a not_good idea .
There are so many creative people who post wonderful ideas .
Many talented people post outstanding projects .
Most lead to the directions on how to make it yourself .
It is addictive ... ..but there is so many good recipes and ideas .
It crashes all the time and runs slow .
Now I just need a boyfriend .
There are some glitches that need to be fixed , like timing out , and no not_pins not_available .
It crashes every so often but other than that 5 five stars : ) ,
Is there a 12 step program ap ?
Yeah it crashes sometimes and has a few glitches , but I still love being able to pin on my phone ! !
Only problem is when a enlarge a pin , often it will not not_scroll and not_instead opens up the link when I just wanted a closer look .
LOVE this app ... but it does freeze , crash and constantly..please fix ... ..then I will give it five stars ! !
This is such a great idea and fun pastime .
The ideas I get for garden , food , fitness are amazing .
It crashes every 3 minutes and freezes all the time .
I never not_expected to not_like Pinterest so much .
So addictive ... just love it !
All the ideas and pictures are great ,
Despite sometimes it crashes and I lose what I m looking at .
I love this app , but please correct the crashes !
Anything you could possibly want or need to buy , make , or know about is there .
I just love all of the creative ideas !
It s amazing , everything u need , ideas on how to decorate all the way to baking !
It crashes sometimes but I really enjoy the app anyway !
There are some really good ideas on here .
It would be nice to tag friends in a pin though .
This app crashes on me at least twice per use .
The app needs a bit of work but it s worth the wait .
It always says login failed when I open on my phone .
I can t live without it ! !
The ideas are endless ! ! !
Would have given it a 5 but there s just something that needs to be improved but I can t put my finger on it .
Page loads just like the site ,
SilvrGTAWD , I learn so much from what people post !
Love Pinterest but app is always crashing on iPad iPhone etc . fix it ,
The only problem is I can t pin but I can re pin .
Category searches and ideas from like minds is helpful .
Why would I when its right there on my phone ?
My sisters and I each created boards for each other and pin things we think the other would appreciate .
And the app still crashes randomly or kicks me off of what I was reading .
It s very addicting and my husband loves it just as much ! !
Pin now and come back later when you need it .
Haven t had any issues with it .
Haven t had any issues with this app .
I have definitely gained several new hobbies because of the amount of info available .
Have never not_had an not_issue .
It is really addicting and it s full of amazing ideas that are inspiring !
s Tunes , Lets just say I think I need intervention .
The app is wonderful except it crashes sometimes other than that I love the app ,
I recommended it to all my colleges and friends ,
I can t stop looking at this site/app ! !
I love this app and am so glad it s available on my phone so I can look up things while at the store !
My main issue is when using it on my iPad .
It crashes all the time , it freezes , and it fails to log me in every time I open it .
It prompts me to login everyone because it says the login has failed .
I can use this app for 2 hours straight and it ll feel like 5 minutes .
It also provides a seemingly endless possibilities of meals to make .
One suggestion , I wish there was a way to send a pin to a friend via email option .
Although the app is much better , I agree with other reviewers that the app still needs improvement .
Sometimes , it only let s me pin a few things and then crashes .
Many times it says that there was an error and I was unable to pin something .
The website is great , and I would give that 5 stars , but the app needs to be fixed and improved .
Awesome app but crashes almost every time I use it ,
Love this app , use it all the time to find ideas , recipes , how to s. Anything !
a plethora of knowledge that we can use everyday .
Just wish some of the pins weren t spam .
I love Pinterest but I think you should be able to have as many secret boards as you want .
Also the people who follow you should be able to see your secret boards .
Ideas , information and `` how to s '' on literally everything you want to know or learn about .
Once you know what you re doing you re gone into Pinterest land !
I use Pinterest on my iPad and have no not_issues .
Great app , but it still has a few very minor bugs .
The only problem is on my iPad app the software quite often just stops and goes back to the main screen , then when I got back the page I was looking at us gone !
Wonderful love all the ideas but can t upload pics from iPhone ,
Once you start finding the things you love or would love to have you can t stop .
The only feature I miss or haven t learned yet is how to pin something I see on a site from my phone .
Perfect for anyone looking for ideas on how to do something !
I recommend everyone to get it because they won t regret it : ) !
The only reason I m only giving 3 stars instead of 5 is because the app crashes every time I m on it for more than 5 10 minutes .
Please fix them .
Never fails to entertain ,
How did anyone plan a wedding without not_this not_?
Convenient but crashes far too often and for no not_reason .
It even crashes when I unlike something .
There are so many ideas on here that I would have never not_thought not_about otherwise .
The best is that you could be searching for ANYTHING and you find it .
There are so many amazing ideas on Pinterest !
Please fix the bugs ... this closes on my frequently while browsing .
Only but , is that I can t refresh or change my profile picture without not_logging in on a not_computer .
It s my go to place whenever I need a recipe or a quick DIY !
I could get lost on it all day : ) ,
I love this app , but I seem to get booted off on a regular basis , most of the time I can t find what I was looking at again .
Also , if they can make this app like the iPad one then it would be great because even if it does crash it still saves the spot you where on .
This app constantly crashes .
Please fix this !
Pinterest is like potato chips once you start you can quit .
Downloaded this app a few weeks ago and I can t stop pinning : ) love it !
I wish there was a way to add links from my phone and iPad .
Adding pictures is ok , but links are better !
It s my favorite because I can kill time like no not_other or not_when I need a quick idea for something .
I would estimate that it crashes at least every ten times I use it .
\\n\\nOverall , I love the app , but it could use some crash prevention and bug fixes .
Great for my job at an auction house giving people ideas for how to refinish items .
No matter how many updates , this app still crashes .
Love pinterest on my phone and laptop but viewing on my iPad is annoying , especially when it crashes in the middle of trying to pin something .
I highly recommend it to anybody .
I can t stop looking at the great ideas others have .
Any guy that says this isn t a guy thing , well they are missing out .
\\n\\nNeeds to fix bug where when you go to type in a search term it automatically cuts you off and searches for the first letter .
I absolutely love the site and many GREAT ideas it provides ! !
App crashes after exactly 38 minutes .
t need my name , I like it .
3 stars if I use it too long , it crashes .
However some picture quality is a problem .
The worst issues occur when you are trying to save a pin to your camera roll it will not not_show not_up and some of the sites you wish to see from where the pin came from is non existent , goes to the wrong site or shows something completely irrelevant to the pin ... ,
Why does it feel the need to clean itself ?
Not kidding I can t open the app because it says its cleaning !
I love it , but it crashes over and over again !
The app has crashed a few times ; not not_sure not_whose fault that was ; and photos can take a long while to load occasionally , but I m grateful to have another way to totally waste my time !
It crashes EVERY TIME I use it .
I am tired if it crashing all the time ,
Love love love my boards and all those i follow but its constantly frustrating when you are searching or pinning and the app crashes .
This app is an excellent app that provides insight and inspiration .
I d give it 5 stars if it didn t crash once in a while and if we could have more than 3 secret boards .
The best ideas and there when I need it !
So many ideas that are easy to replicated .
Your censors need some training .
Stumped at how to post a website/URL if the page does not have a not_Pintrest not_radio button .
I can t stop pin ing !
Only complaint is that you need FB to log in , but can t pin a photo from FB !
I just have a preference for the web based site .
But I still like having the app for accessing the boards .
App crashes and closes constantly .
I installed this app just as we bought a new house .
It may crash from time to time , but it s still completely worth it !
Annoying , but I m so addicted to Pinterest that I just endure it ,
The only problem is that I get lost on it for hours so many great ideas !
That s the only problem I have .
Have recommend this to many friends .
One downside is that you can t change much of your settings via the app , for example uploading your profile picture and editing information about yourself , username , etc . ,
First , I have to say that the app has some glitches and when it closes itself you have to start at the top of the page no not_matter not_how far down the page you were .
I am totally addicted to this app I wish the bugs could get worked out .
I have planned almost all of my wedding with the help of Pinterest ,
However , and it may be due to user ignorance on my part , I can not not_figure not_out how to go to a place to pick a particular friend I am following is , and then look at their boards .
Planning a wedding is so much easier with Pinterest !
That you want to have them all .
I love this app but I am so tired of it crashing and having to retrace my steps when it loses my spot .
It crashes and closes every time i try to pin something .
I use this app a lot and have not not_had not_any problems with it !
It s an amazing website and I think they re doin what they can to fix the bugs and everything !
Now it crashes just as often .
It makes me want bake , laugh , and plan my wedding .
I don t have any problems with it ,
Only problem is it is so addictive !
Hopefully the `` bumps '' will be fixed in the near future .
Love it , works great , the only problem is I can t stay off it !
It works great , but If you re on it for to long at one time it closes the app and you have to reopen it .
Pinterest has actually saved me money since I no longer not_need my not_magazine subscriptions !
App is good but crashes occasionally which can be frustrating ,
If they could find a way to fix that glitch it would be a lot better .
But it crashes , crashes , crashes !
I can t even open one of my boards !
It s probably user error , but I can t delete or move pinned items if I accidentally pin to the wrong board .
But the app is nearly as good , which I can t say the same for every app .
Though I can not not_figure not_out how to add photos from my phone !
Customers need to use discretion in what to post though !
Works as should be expected .
I haven t had any problems and totally love it !
It is my go to when I need fresh ideas for showers or recipes and even home decor .
I just love it !
And haven t had any problems viewing it on my phone .
It would be a 5 star app if there was a way to search for pins in your boards though !
Helped me plan my whole wedding and I ve never not_had to not_buy a cookbook .
Good app , but it crashes sometimes ,
I absolutely love this app , but it crashes every single time i go on it .
Ridiculously annoying , especially because i can only be on it for about 8 minutes at a time until it crashes .
I have updated it every time an update has been available , but nothing has helped .
Wonderful app , works perfectly , just like desktop version .
Do not not_know not_what I did before Pinterest .
The biggest problem I have is that it just randomly shuts down .
Currently if you create your own pin , it doesn t link to anything .
Of course there are little bugs like anything , but it s still amazing !
You should be all over this better to hoard online then in your house so many things to try ,
I ve already planned out my wedding , reception , fun foods for parties , things to do for my kids , style and decoration for a future house , and simple techniques and thrifty ways that save you SO much money ! ! !
Haven t had any problems with it .
I ve never not_had not_any issues .
Awesome and addictive you need this !
Once I am on it I can t stop ! !
I have had no not_issues with the not_app or updates !
I have planned my whole wedding and was able to SHOW everyone my vision instead of just explaining it !
All you need to do is add it for nook so I can share with some of my friends ! ! ! !
It s great when it works but it has failed 3 times this week alone .
The ideas I get are great for crafting and clothes and hair and beauty ideas ... but it is VERY frustrating when Pinterest goes POP and disappears before my eyes .
Also , it would be VERY convenient if the app could tell me if I have already pinned a certain thing .
Great app haven t had any problems with it !
I ve had this app for months and just recently started understanding how to use it .
I would rate it a 5 star except that it crashes on me all of the time !
Great app , but crashes often .
I have made several of the recipes and they have been a total hit with my picky eaters !
Haven t had any problems with it .
Who needs Facebook when you can have Pintrest and all the fun of pinning !
The only thing I don t like is the fact that there ar a lot of crashes and when I click on the app it takes a while to load , you also need to be able to move pins from one board to another easier .
I love this app , but I wish there was a better way to rearrange pins and put them on new boards .
Also , when you try to play a video in the app , you can t get any sound , so you have to open it up in Safari .
It has everything u can imagine and how to do it ! !
This app is amazing and always around when I need a quick creative idea !
I wish I had Pinterest when I was planning my wedding .
It has everything , and when I need a little me time I sneak off and look at pintrest .
I love that you can make different boards to categorize everything you like .
There are so many ideas and projects .
I can always find advice on how to accomplish various tasks from cleaning , to cooking , to decorating .
Haven t had any issues yet .
Rarely ever have problems with it !
The app gives me access to the site when I m out and about and need to kill time .
I also like that it s available on my phone , I can cook recipes by viewing my pins on my phone .
Only suggestion would be to adjust the app so you can add a new pin instead of having to go to the website !
So much great handmade items you can t find anywhere else !
Now I know how long my shirts should be and how to wear a suit like a king ,
Can not not_believe not_what I was missing out on .
all pictures are very well organized , some have great tips on how to learn something , best way to describe it is a blend of you tube and Instagram .
But it crashes on me a lot , especially with larger pictures .
Only log on if you have a couple hours to spare .
The app is awesome and never not_crashes ,
I love it however I can t really change anything about my profile on it such as my profile picture !
Give me great ideas how to dress , eat healthier , exercise and decorate my home .
I don t like that it crashes occasionally , though .
Love that I have access to Pinterest where ever I go so I can look up projects etc when I need them ,
It defiantly needs a `` back to top '' button like that desktop version has , instead of having to scroll all the way to the top .
All my Fb friends love it too , has everything you need 5 stars .
App cleanly presented , doesn t glitch out , even better now that you can open links in safari .
Only problem is that sometimes it will kick me out and restart the app .
Only frustration is the chore of rearranging pins when you decide that it IS worth adding another board after all .
I haven t had very many issues with the app , occasionally it ll say there s an error and when you retry to pin you end up with duplicates , but most of the bugs have been fixed .
This app as saved me money by showing me how to use these ideas and do it myself !
I like that they made long pins so you can scroll down .
Love this app , and it s updated frequently to fix bugs ,
Donaghy , The app crashes from time to time .
Love this app ... just wish you could move pins to a different board if you made a mistake ,
JaiRocket , The only problem is it seems like once you hit the bottom of the page that is it .
The only stinky thing is that it crashes sometimes , probably from the overload if awesomeness .
The only this I don t like it after looking through Pinterest it crashes .
There are so many ideas I never not_seen not_before until I went on Pinterest .
However , I have had some issues with pinning at times .
\\nThe ideas and tips are amazing ,
I wish you could tag other people though .
It had always crashed for me before .
But noticing more crashes than before .
Please fix the crashes and error popups !
Great app , it s crashes sometimes , but not not_often .
So easy to use and rarely has not_any not_issues .
There are many bugs , but overall a great site .
I would love if you could have a tech advisor by phone .
Also if you could add more private boards ! !
I am planning several events that I do not not_wish my not_family to see , so these have been great but I am maxed out on those .
My biggest complaint however is that the app crashes often .
How did I ever manage before Pinterest ?
It s great to have access when I need it even if I m not at not_home .
Love the ap , but it crashes almost every time i try to follow the pin back to the website .
Refresh tool needs a little work , though .
Ugh , I updated it and now when I am browsing pins it won t stop crashing and closing .
\\n\\nI love Pinterest , please fix this bug .
Amazing App , but crashes from time to time .
My favorite app when I need some recipes , an outfit idea , or just some inspiration !
Only bad part is that the creators need to fix some crashes that come out of nowhere but I STILL LOVE Pinterest .
Occasionally crashes and restarts .
I run on iPhone 5 and I never not_had not_any issue with the app ever ! ! !
Those are minor issues though , when compared to how much fun it is !
I really like this app , but sometimes , often enough for it not to not_be not_coincidence , the app crashes on my iPad and then I lose my spot , usually losing the pin or board I was looking at in the process .
But the mobile app tends to crash here and there .
If someone likes it ... you can find it !
You will lose hrs on this site ! ! !
Awesome for many things , except that the app tends to crash often and doesn t always save pictures to your phone when you request it to .
Could love it if it would not not_crash not_all the time on my iPad 1 , I m addicted .
Only downside is missing time from being on it .
Interesting and relaxing\\nDo wish there was a better way to filter inappropriate content .
Sorta works but not not_totally\\nAlso not_need a way to better move groups of pins from one folder to another in your own boards ,
Great app , used to crash all the time but the updated have kept it running and fixed the bugs .
I wish I could get paid to drink wine and pin stuff all day !
The only issue I have found is that occasionally the pages won t load which is frustrating but in about 3 minutes and then by refreshing the page it ll normally begin to work .
Other than that , it makes the time I have to myself nice ( : \\n\\nI also feel that the initial site could be improved by making organizing boards easier .
Pinterest has added so much to my life .
There is nothing I can not not_ask it and not_find out how to do it .
It sometimes crashes or won t save the pictures , but even with those small issues I still LOVE it !
It is easy to use & amp ; I found tons of things I can use all in one place !
It s great , but I wish there was a way to search within our pinned items .
It has so many good ideas I can use all the time : ) : ) ,
Awesome but some kinks still need to be fixed ,
The only problem I have is that I end up posting multiples of the same pin .
The app crashes if your on it for a while , but other wise it s amazing ,
I don t know how I ever planned an event or lived without it !
Just think about thousands and thousands of brains thinking in the same thing and sharing their thoughts .
But it crashes a lot when pinning .
Please do something !
I might be addicted to Pinterest .
We try recipes , crafts and all the interesting things you have to offer !
I hardly not_EVER have not_any problems !
This isma great application , but it crashes all the time .
You can find any helpful beauty tips , food Recipes , health advice , fitness advice tips and motivation , humorous jokes , Military helpful tips .
Am so glad I can now use Pinterest on my iPad !
Runs just like the website .
It crashes way too often .
Just wish it wouldn t randomly close on me ,
App will crash for no not_apparent not_reason .
Hate when it crashes on my iPad .
I heart Pinterest not only has it not_inspired me on not_many different levels it has answered many questions I ve had in regards to being a first time parent I don t know if this feature is available on Pinterest and I m just not not_aware not_but I think it would be great to have a forum in which you can ask questions to other pinners if in fact you can t find something on a certain topic just a thought ,
After scrolling through it the app will sometimes crash ,
Such an awesome resource , and so cool that you can organize things you like on your boards .
I haven t added my own images , yet .
Everything you need is in one place .
I just bought a house and can t tell you how beneficial people s pins have been to decorating and painting to cooking and laundry .
The only problem is it crashes once in a while ,
I now know how to cook like a master chef .
It has every idea imaginable available to see and the reality of making that idea attainable .
Much faster than the website on a tablet but it crashes .
I use it on my iPhone & amp ; I bought an iPad just to use Pinterest on the bigger screen !
There is one big problem , though .
Do not not_get into it not_unless you re ready to lose sleep `` pinning '' all night long .
I prefer to use it on my iPhone 4s as it crashes frequently on my iPad original .
Works great , rarely not_crashes .
Now that I have I am currently working on five individual DIY projects .
The only thing is , I wish we could have more secret boards besides that .
My only complaint is that I wish we could have folders , in order to make categories .
Not sure if I just haven t learned it but I want to Pin It on my phone ( not just not_Repin not_) and can t easily find how to do so .
Thanks for updating now I can use it .
I also have problems with being dropped after going into a site .
Please try to fix the app ... .love it but it crashes often and then I can never not_find not_what I was going to pin .
It s very user friendly and , just like the site , totally addicting !
Whatever you need , you type it up and Pinterest will show you so many ideas from so many different REAL people and you won t be disappointed .
( I recommend NEVER getting on Pinterest when you have something to do . )
After you download this app you will not not_be not_able to put down your ipod !
Just wish it wouldn t shut down on me so often ,
Thus app crashes constantly .
I d love to give it 5 stars if I could actually use it more , because I love pinterest .
I use it constantly and have far less not_problems with not_this app than others I use frequently .
Only complaint is that you can t pin websites on it , you can only pin pics from your phone or repin others pins .
I may also be a little biased , but try it and see ! )
It works great , but it crashes every now and than .
I LUV this app , but it crashes a lot on my iPod : ( Please fix !
I love this app so much it is so amazing and creative and it helps you with every day life I am such a Pinterest junkie I have made so many awesome crafts meals etc . with this app love it ! ! !
I have now made three different dishes and am so pleased with all .
I love Pinterest soooo much but it often crashes when I try to look at my pins ,
I will always use the app over the Internet , but could you please , please fix these problems .
Love to use it , rarely have not_any not_problems with it !
The only problem is the app freezes and closes all the time ,
It keeps crashing and giving me login fails .
but I wish there was a way to search for a pin you ve already pinned without not_having to not_scroll through ALL the pins .
Every single thing you have no not_idea that you not_absolutely need to know ! !
Don t get me wrong I love Pinterest but the app can use a limitless work whenever it pulls an Internet hosted pin it always crashes and I have to reopen the app .
I just liked it when it showed 1 pin at a time .
Hate when it crashes though .
Recipes , decor ideas , wardrobe inspiration and great quotes are my favs , and now all in one place !
Really love Pintrest but this app crashes all the time !
Right when I find something great I click on the picture and it crashes and boots me out and then it takes me forever to find what I was looking at !
All you have to do then is repin .
Beware , once you start you can t stop .
The only problem is the addiction I have developed .
Never have issues ,
Whoever made the site and decided to make an app for it , thank you !
I didn t know I could be addicted to anything but I m a Pinterest a holic ( haha ) .
Great to use but some days it crashes a lot .
When I m bored or waiting for the bus or at school bored to death I will go on it and it will keep me busy for an hour ,
I made a lot of my Christmas presents from it .
Have have rare technical issues .
Everything I wrote and complained about in my last review I the pinterest app has been fixed .
And for those who want to know what exactly I am recanting .
Helps me find what I need .
Not all really work and some links are broken but overall this is fantastic !
: ) I planned most of my wedding using this app , decorated half of my house with Pinterest , and cook at least 3 meals a week using recipes from this app .
Just love all of the information available but I don t like when it shuts down on me .
I m a teacher & amp ; I plan my weekly activities all from Pinterest ! !
The concept is fantastic , but the iPad app crashes every couple of minutes and the Safari connection crashes very frequently .
Overall wonderful app but it crashes too much .
Definitely has some bugs to fix ,
Wow I just love this app .
I just can t stop pinning .
Love Pinterest , however this app crashes more than all my others combined .
I highly recommend this for anyone who wants decorating/ cooking or fashion ideas .
Why can t we pin anything while in the app ?
I love sharing the things I find by repinning them , and this app fails at sharing !
Super addicting but constantly crashes : / ,
Only problem is sometimes it says there s no not_connection and not_won t load anything , otherwise perfect ! ! ! !
I really love this app , however I become very annoyed when it crashes , usually when I m pinning .
Please fix this issue .
How many more reviews do you need ?
The layout is great , but it CRASHES every time I use it .
Please fix the iPad version ASAP !
However , I don t like how it freezes up and cuts off , now that I updated it .
It has everything I need and so many great ideas definitely a 5 star rating !
I find so many wonderful ideas and my creativeness goes into overdrive when I am on here ! !
The latest version is much better , but it still crashes .
Usually when I need it .
I wish that I didn t have to go to school so I could just live on Pinterest .
Never had any problems with it .
Works fine , never not_crashes on me .
Especially visual people or people who need frequent inspiration .
But please create something that lets me know I ve pinned something already ! ! ! !
This needs to be fixed !
My only complaint is that it crashes sometimes .
I love having pinterest so easily available for when you wake up in the middle of the night and can t sleep ... easy to use too ,
Only issue is my app will pin things multiple times .
Why do they still print magazines ?
Either correct the problem or if it is anything I can do please let me know .
The best part is that you can figure out where to find all these wonderful things or how to make them ! !
Hardly ever crashes for me .
U won t regret adding this app to your device for sure ,
I m always on and I always go on humor then all of a sudden , it crashes and sends me back to my home screen !
But there are a few bugs .
Even after the latest updat , I still have issues .
Can t get enough of Pinterest the only reason I don t give it 5 stars is because sometimes the links to items pinned are not not_available not_other that its great ,
I have created my dream land and have used home decor and baby shower ideas .
Except this app crashes on my everytime I find something interesting and want to pin it !
And once it crashes it starts all over again and that pin is pretty much lost forever : ( please fix this !
Such neat pins and I just love the DIY area totally awesome ! ! ! !
\\n\\nIt would get 5 stars but the crashing needs to stop .
The one problem I have is the app closes periodically , annoying , but livable .
The ONLY problem I have is that it sometimes crashes randomly without not_warning .
The only complaint I have is that you can t edit a pin description after its been posted .
I have not not_really not_had problems with it .
I love Pinterest , and this app is great except that it crashes a lot and editing is limited .
Just hate that sometimes it crashes or it won t let you pin certain things , other than that I love it ,
Does crash sometimes ,
hate when she crashes though !
Literally has a product or project for anything under the sun that you can think of .
Super easy to use and you have all the features needed to find what you re looking for and then some .
Works just like the web page !
If you are not on not_Pinterest you not_are missing out on so much creativity , recipes , DIY projects , art , so many things .
Great for when u need to know something or even if you are just bored .
My only problem is I can t hear any of the videos .
I absolutely love Pinterest , but since the last update every time I get on my app it crashes : ( Please get this fixed and you will get 5 Stars from me next time ! !
I wish you could move pins from one category to another though ( accidentally repinned in wrong section ) ,
Everything I need all in one place .
I absolutely love Pinterest and the app is great but for some reason mine crashes a lot .
If it s already a feature then it needs to be easier to access and find .
It would be nice if every time I go login it I wouldn t get an `` error occurred would you like to try again ? ''
It has some minor bugs , like occasional ( rare ) crashing and the refusal to refresh a page , but it still rocks .
I have to try and limit my usage of it because I can easily lose hours just browsing all of its contents ! ! !
So I made an acct and I must say I do love it , so many tattoo ideas , stuff for my daughters to do and so many other handy ideas available !
This is really neat when you need ideas for all different things !
I recommend this to everyone !
Would only love it a little more if it would tell me when I ve already pinned something .
However it crashes frequently without not_warning .
Instead you have to start all over to find that pin .
Please fix this issue !
Of course , I am a Pinterest freak like everyone else : ) however , I wish you could edit/delete your boards from the app .
Handy at times when you just need an idea or whatever : ) it does great , and easy to use .
I have no not_issues !
I use this almost everyday for everything from homemade cough remedy to how to paint !
Why didn t I think of those before ?
Frustrates me some links are bad but overall great ideas .
How can you not not_love not_this app ? ! ? ! ? ! ?
I already can go to my tabs to see what I have pinned or liked why does it need to be in my feed too ?
\\n\\nAlso we need a better way to pin from our phones from safari or from the ap .
Just wish it wouldn t crash so much .
It would be nice if they would make it so you could search for a specific pin within your own boards and pins ,
The food ideas alone create such value !
I planned my whole wedding using this app !
Although I have problems with the photos loading sometimes .
My only complaint is that the app crashes every 3 5 minutes .
Highly recommend it ! !
I have no not_problems with not_slow loading or crashing .
I love this app but it crashes too much .
Except that when you open a link that has been pinned , 4 out of 5 times the app will crash .
Which means you ve been browsing Pinterest , saw something cool you wanted to look at before repinning , but the app crashed so you lost what you were looking at .
App crashes nearly every time I use it ,
Cat figure out how to do your hair for a special occasion ?
Since the changes to the new app allIhad is problems !
So many problems and the new format is not not_user not_friendly at all .
Its awful this has been my third review and you have yet to do anything about it so quit asking for my opinion\\n\\nWhy cant i save pics to my phone why does this app crash every 5 seconds ? ?
I love having a Pinterest app and although it occasionally crashes , I still enjoy using it regularly .
It s nice to have access to all my pins right from my smart phone in case I m at the grocery or craft store so I can look up the items I need to buy .
It constantly crashes !
The app especially it is user friendly , great functional layout & amp ; I ve never not_had not_any bug problems .
I am addicted to pintrest , but dice I updated it last it now pins phantom pins about money or something from msnbc and its soooo annoying that it posts it to my Facebook and then I have to go through and delete it from everything .
However there are always issues with the app !
I think you can find everything on there !
Do not not_like not_crashes !
This app seems to crash right when I m about to pin something .
I love that you can have private boards with the new version , but don t like that you can only have 2 .
\\nAnd yes sometimes it still crashes .
Only 4 stars because it crashes too often .
It crashes every once in a while thought .
The app is great but there is no way to not_easily not_pin items on my iPhone .
Sometimes crashes .
I have made a bunch of recipes and crafts for my daughter .
I can edit the pins descriptions on the full size website , would be nice to be able to do from app .
I don t know if this is a good thing or not !
We just need a pin it button for when you find pics on the web ,
However , it crashes every 10 minutes .
If it could stop crashing .
This app crashes to much on my iPhone and iPad always says experiencing some sort of problem gets to frustrating and then I don t use it ,
Love it , but occasionally it crashes when you are surfing .
I don t want to know your feelings or hear your comments .
Best site ever created ! ! ! ! !
However , when I open my app , it always says login failed the first time , so I have to do it again .
Love love love this but even with the new version it still crashes every 5 min it s very frustrating .
Why does it force close after awhile ?
I love Pinterest and the app is great but it gets annoying how often it crashes .
The running joke is that Pinterest is the place where women go to plan imaginary weddings , dress children they don t have , and decorate homes they can t afford .
I love this site for ideas , I just wish sometimes I d see more new things if I m on it alot .
Love the quick & amp ; easy solutions available .
However , I wish there was a better way to see your most recent pins and followed pins instead of having to scroll all the way up on the `` following '' tab .
Improvements have made a big difference in accessibility .
App just needs a little bit of work .
The Pinterest app gets 4 stars out of 5 bc it crashes sometimes and I cant edit a pin only delete it .
The ap is really good but has some issues with crashing ,
Still has some bugs where it will close unexpectedly but still a great app .
Wish it wouldn t blitz out and crash so much though .
If you love Pinterest , you need this app !
That it crashes often .
It needs to be fixed !
I just need to redo my entire house now !
This app crashes or freezes a lot and has some weird quirks .
Bean , I have an addiction to pinterest and I love that they have an app , the only thing I would change is that you can t invite others to pin on your boards on the app .
I like the regular website , but this app crashes a lot .
I wish you could buy things easier that people pin or print easier !
Especially when I can t sleep at night .
I still haven t figured out how to post things & amp ; pictures yet .
I need a search bar like the website !
When I need to get away I go to Pinterest I can alway rely on them giving the best !
Which I guess is good because I need a break but it s slightly annoying .
It needs to be fixed it crashes all the time !
Perfect , just like the real site .
I love how they added the edit and delete options for your pins if you miss pin them or get tired of them .
Love Pinterest but the app on my iPad crashes constantly .
Love app but need to work on the crashing issue on iPad very frustrating ,
I don t just pin , I do .
It crashes sometimes , I would rate I higher but it crashes when I m in the middle of posting something ,
App crashes all the time but I like it so much it doesn t bother me .
It works amazingly well and rarely not_crashes on me .
The ideas are awesome .
Very user friendly but has been crashing a bit more lately .
Never crashes or gives any trouble .
My favorite thing to do except for it drains my battery , oh well , nothing a little plug into the charger can t help .
It has been crashing constantly lately , and won t show all of the pins on my boards .
I need a pintervention ,
Would give 5 stars but there are some bugs it freezes a lot !
I have no not_issues with it , not_I totally recommend it !
Ok for all you people that are complaining that it keeps crashing , it not not_all that not_bad !
Pinterest has continued to provide ideas and inspiration to people everywhere .
The app has created an endless cookbook , stylist and DIY tool for me to access anywhere .
I can predict when it s about to crash .
\\n\\nThe app on the other hand , crashes all the time ! !
\\n\\nAnd 2 of my boards are now missing ! ! !
I have the first iPad and this app crashes very very often .
Love pinterest but this app crashes a lot and takes forever to start and load sometimes .
I just hate when it crashes .
Every time so far that I try to follow a recipe , it crashes .
Hate how much it crashes !
Is there a way you can add a feature that allows you to recommend boards , pins or people to follow to other people .
It crashes from time to time , but other than that it s great .
The only problem is that I get an error message a lot , but everything still works fine .
I love this app but it crashes a lot !
I love Pinterest , but the mobile app frequently crashes .
Has only crashed once or twice .
IT GIVES ME SO MANY GOOD IDEAS AND THE QUOTES ARE GREAT ! ! !
I have a few problems with it crashing but not a not_whole not_lot .
Please fix it soon .
Cambw , I can not not_add not_pins from my ipad camera roll and can t find any info on the app to help .
I absolutely love the Pinterest idea , as far as rating the app , it crashes often and there s ALWAYS and API error or message that says `` sorry problem on our end '' it gotten so frustrating ! ! !
Well I wouldn t give this any stars but apple apparently thinks that it should not not_be an not_option .
anyhow I downloaded this app for my iPad and it is constantly crashing , and I think it s funny considering that I have the exact same app on my phone ( thats a droid ) , and guess what it never not_crashes !
I can be on it less not_than a not_minute before it crashes again !
I can t stand when I go to change my search field a little bit and it starts automatically searching again after I enter one letter without me not_telling it to .
Please fix this bug ASAP ! ! ! !
I also can not not_stand not_how it crashes all the time .
At least 50 times a day it crashes .
You would make my day if you added that button !
I love the app but it repeatedly crashes every few minutes .
And the last update didn t do anything to fix it .
Total fail , Pinterest iPhone app so much stronger and easier to navigate why aren t gestures the same ?
Love this app but it crashes every time I use it .
Site is crashing every 2 minutes .
The iPad app crashes EVERY time I use it .
Most of the time I can only get on for 5 10 minutes before it crashes .
Open the app back up and it crashes again in another 5 minutes .
Love the app but crashes when I m on it less not_than not_five minutes : / please fix it !
Please fix the crashing !
I just updated Pinterest and it still crashes on me at random times still please fix that !
This app is fabulous but it crashes WAY too much and I m getting frustrated .
Please change it !
: / I m always about to pin something fabulous and then BAM gone cuz the app crashed .
But WHY can you not not_pin not_things to it from an outside source like you can on the iPad ?
But please , please , please fix the crashing !
The app always crashes on me while I m in the middle of reading something so then when I try to go back it won t be there and ill have to search for it because new stuff comes on in the explore section it was in .
However , using this app is difficult and frustrating as it crashes every 5 10 minutes .
When it crashes , you lose where you were , so it s impossible to locate where and how you got to a particular board or image .
This is the largest flaw as it quickly causes productivity to decrease , being unable to track your steps or relocate what you had been looking at to discover more images similiar or related boards .
Another error occurs where when browsing , pictures just stop loading and I receive an error when attempting to view the source of the image so I am unable to see where it originated from .
The app improvements have been great ... now they need to take it a step farther and make it easy to move your pins between your boards .
It s easy to use , but it seriously crashes way to much and the update doesn t stop it from happening .
That being said , there are legitimate and significant problems in terms of crashing .
\\nI find something i absolutely love , I go to pin ( and or click on pin ) it crashes ( iphone even w new updated ios ) \\nFix it !
Website doesn t require registration to look .
The only problem is that you can t save a picture to your camera roll .
I love the pintrest app but it CRASHES ALLLL THE TIME ! ! !
I love the app but every few minutes the app crashes needs to be fixed ,
There are so many wonderful ideas and recipes .
But it crashes .
Please fix it !
\\n\\nAlso it constantly tells me there are no not_pins not_available on my boards .
\\n\\nI don t have these problems if I open pinterest in safari or use the app on my phone .
I ve read about it crashing but has never not_done that to me not_so far .
Please fix that .
Great app , it does crash sometimes though .
Constantly crashes , and you must relogin every time it does .
Crashes more now than it did before the update ... please fix the problem ! !
I love being able to check this wherever I am but it crashes way too often ,
I use it all the time , but it really frustrates me that it CRASHES every 5 minutes on my iPad .
I dont own a computer so please fix this bug ! !
This is a game that crashes and I m done with it ... .better on the computer tho .
Never crashes ,
It crashes a lot , but it is running a crazy lot of pictures so thats kind of understandable .
App crashes way too much .
Still crashes after updates .
I like the app but it always crashes .
The constant crashes every few minutes and reported from so many people is puzzling .
Perhaps you need to outsource a technician than can find and fix the problem because your current employees apparently aren t getting this extremely aggravating bug fixed .
Before I updated this it never not_crashed !
It consistently crashes multiple times .
I can barely be on there for 10 minutes before it crashes .
Used to work just fine but for the last few months it crashes and then will not not_let you not_back in !
I would use it so much more but honestly it s become so aggravating .
Please fix this problem ! ! ! ! !
I have actually done a few things from here but when I find something I really like it crashes on me and I can never not_find it not_again .
, I love this app , but it crashes every 5 minutes , if not not_more not_often .
Thanks for a great site if this problem could be fixed .
I love Pinterest but am so tired of it crashing on my iPad that I find myself going to it less and not_less .
The app is constantly crashing and giving little screen gems like `` pin not not_found not_'' , `` updated never not_'' .
You can tell Facebook , Pinterest , & amp ; Instagram are all owned by the same conglomerate , because the designers fail every time to make a half decent working app .
The only downside that really doesn t bother me is that the mobile app crashes a lot but really no not_big not_deal : ) ,
There are times `` no not_pins not_are available '' .
So , why not not_?
I should probably update , right ?
Please fix it !
Hopefully you will see this and please get back with me .
Please respond My rating will change when I can get it on my iPad or get response back .thank you Still trying to get logged in your app is an absolute joke you say you fixed the bugs it s ridiculous it s no not_better not_than it was before .
I have been trying to get help with this app for months I don t know what you people do but obviously somebody has dropped the ball nobody gets back with you it continues to go on and on and on .
It keeps telling me that my email is invalid that s pretty funny because I know more about my email address then you obviously do you need to get it together .
Just reset password still the app does not not_work .
But how do I open stuff in Safari ?
I would suggest only 1 column to look at pins .
Only problem I can say is that when I m on my iPad it does close on me and I have to restart and start over from the beginning ... ,
Consistently crashes .
I can t pin while browsing on iPhones browser so what s the point am I missing something ?
I highly recommend it .
I was hoping that this current update would fix the fact that I can not not_share to not_Facebook and that every time I open the app on my iPad it says login failed .
Update it and it still crashes after awhile .
Minor stupid error but really annoying I had to delete the app if it happens again I m canceling my account how stupid .
And surprise the app crashed within 10 minutes .
I love using Pintrest to look at other people s pins , but making my own boards and deciding who to follow has too many bugs .
There is , however , one glaring problem .
Why is that necessary ?
Now instead of having notebooks full of ideas everything is right at our fingertips ready to use when you have time available ,
There are so many amazing and helpful ideas !
It is keeping me up at night because I can t stop ! !
Pinterest is awesome i recommend it .
There are so many awesome ideas for anything you can think of and so many things you would never not_had not_thought of in a million years !
App needs a little work but it s so worth it ! ! ! ! !
Using ipad 4 and have no not_problems .
IT CRASHES A LOTTTT ! ! ! ! !
I LOVE the app , but it crashes EXTREMELY to much for an app as popular as this .
After this most recent update I can t view categories on my ipad .
\\nPros : \\nVery fun\\nVariety/appeals to many interests \\nLarge member base\\nSmartphone/tablet usable\\nLoads pretty fast\\n\\nCons : \\nPin blocks , while well intended can be annoying & amp ; in my opinion border on censorship in some cases\\nStability has been an issue , particularly on mobile devices , 3G esp .
\\nLimited in user communication ( I.e . : can t message people or really contact them much ) \\nSettings can t be adjusted on mobile version ; have to do it manually on safari\\nEasy to pin duplicate photos without not_warning\\n\\nHope not_this helps !
Still , if I m on for awhile , it crashes and when I go back on the app I have to find my place again .
Other than the completely random moments it crashes , it is a pretty good app ,
I m obsessed and can t stop .
I highly recommend this app !
I just love it , it s got everything from recipes , crafts , quotes , fashion , diet & amp ; exercise , decor ideas !
The only bad thing is it crashes right when you find the perfect pin .
Great app and service but wish you could swipe through pins like iOS pictures or google images .
I have not not_had not_any issues with this app other than it keeps me awake at night b/c I m addicted to pintrest !
If you don t have one , you need one !
What do I think ?
Genius developers created a most incredible site for acquiring and sharing information !
Unfortunatly this app crashes alot .
Can have access to ideas and recipes anytime I need them !
So many wonderful ideas and sharing is easy .
Best site ever created ! !
So inspirational BUT I will being busily browsing & amp ; pinning away when it crashes .
Please , please fix this problem .
( Although , when the app crashes , I call it my time out .
If I had to download these pics I would totally forget a out them it some folder ,
Very fun app that everyone needs to have !
I tried using Pinterest on a regular laptop but found it difficult b/c of compatibility issues .
I don t have any problems with it .
Rarely crashes anymore .
What did we do with all our spare time before pinterst ?
Pinning new things is difficult from APP ... needs better integration .
\\n\\nBuggy ... crashes often , or items fail to pin ... sometimes boards ate not not_available not_... not not_great not_if I m trying to access a pinned recipe !
My one and only beef with the app is that to like or repin tiles you have to open them up .
I want to be able to explore when I am bored and can use the bigger screen than my phone .
I have an iPhone 4 and I don t seem to have any problems with the app closing out on me .
Never had a problem and more interesting than Facebook : ) ,
The only thing that keeps it from five stars is not not_being not_able to suggest pins to friends .
But it crashes ( just simply closes automatically ) on my iPad and iPhone WAY too frequently .
I can t stop looking !
The only thing I could suggest is that the app make it possible to pin from an original source through this app as I do when online .
It s amazing what you can find all in one place !
I can t give 5 stars because every time I m in the middle of browsing it will close on me .
Everyone I talk to who uses it has the same problem !
\\nCome on Pinterest ... .this app is too nice to crash this often .
Every time I try to upload a picture on my Pinterest app , it gives me an error and crashes .
Easy to use , everything is available .
But it crashes to much ,
But does need a bit of tweeking & amp ; additions .
It s very user friendly , and I highly recommend it .
I didn t believe it when ppl would tell me they were hooked on Pintrest .
I have already done so many projects and made so many recipes I found here , and I can t wait to do more !
However , it s terribly unstable and crashes all the time ( at least once per visit ) .
I planned most of my husbands 70 birthday with Pinterest !
I liked it a lot more when it had all the boards and categories and stuff .
It gets me through classes that I can t stand and also helps me when I need a mental break .
But , I really hate that when you touch a pin to see it bigger , you have to scroll down just to get the back button .
I LOVE Pinterest but the app constantly crashes on my iPad & amp ; the `` save to camera roll '' function never not_works on my not_iPhone .
The best app I could have on my phone bedsides music .
i had the app on my iPhone 4 and never not_had a not_problem with it .
It seems to be crashing on me more and more frequently .
Sherrypie1973 , Ok so I just joined Pintrest and three hours have gone by .
Everyone should use it !
My husband & amp ; I just bought a 100 yr old house that needs a lot of love & amp ; updating .
( maybe these functions already exist and I just don t know about it ? )
It would be better if there was some way to organize the pins within the board though !
The only feature I d like to see added is an `` ignore account '' feature for pinners who repin on multiple boards ,
Please , please get the app working properly .
You can create boards and pin anything you have an interest in .
I love how you can organize all the boards .
I wish you could make the same edits through the apps as you can on the computer .
They need to add uploading or creating a pin ( I don t see a way to do that ) ,
I really like the ideas available on Pinterest .
I can t stop pinning ideas !
I love Pinterest , however I m unhappy with the new update because I am not not_able to not_browse categories .
Before the update I was able to browse pins pertaining to an individual category ( i.e . `` woman s fashion '' , `` health and fitness '' , `` humor '' etc . ) now the only categories available are `` popular '' and `` everything '' .
I d like to have the options that I had before the update , to make browsing easier and more direct .
I like the app but on my first gen iPad it crashes a lot .
If you need to fix something looking for a DIY project , or are hungry looking for a recipe this is the app .
I have made many awesome recipes that my family love ! !
I recommend this app .
You can pin anything you need , especially from a computer .
Btw , it s also available on a standard computer so you can use it anytime .
I soo love this place , great recipes and gardening ideas , i can t stop looking ,
I just love it ! ! !
I haven t had any problems with it .
It does fail sometimes which can be frustrating .
If Pinterest would ever go away ... you could count on me being heartbroken .
Love the app but crashes sometimes .
Loads fast and I haven t had any other problems with it !
Whenever I m bored I just browse my Pinterest account for hours ,
Why not not_5 not_stars ?
Because the app occasionally crashes when I ve been looking through a lot and pins won t load the image ( gray block ) .
The app is mostly good , but crashes occasionally and has trouble punning from some sites .
I LOVE Pinterest but the app crashes a lot on my iPhone and iPad .
I love the website but the app needs an update .
It sometimes crashes but if they fix that then it would get 6/5 stars ! !
Please fix this ! ! !
Would be nice to move pins around and rewrite text within pins I ve already posted but overall a handy & amp ; worthwhile app !
My only issue is the number of times the app freezes and stops showing the pictures .
App is great but crashes a lot .
The only problem is that you become an addicted to it ! !
But the iPhone version could use more features .
Only complaint is that I wish there was a way to filter the spam/ad pins ! !
One thing I wish this app would allow is a way to copy some of the website information on the board as since most of the websites are blogs , the links may change or may not not_be not_available .
My only issues are that it doesn t seem to be updating with Facebook i.e . doesn t update my profile picture and isn t connected to Flipboard .
Regardless , I highly recommend it !
\\nLove how you can `` pin '' all of the wonderful ideas & amp ; photos to your own boards .
Who could ever plan a wedding without not_pinterest not_now ? !
The app works fine when searching and repining , but when creating your own board with your own pics , the only time you have the option to add photos from your device is when you are creating the new board , not not_afterwards .
Someone please tell me !
I m not not_sure not_what magic voodoo others are using on their iPhones to claim that this app never not_crashes , not_but I pretty much have to assume it ll crash at least once a day .
I just downloaded the app on my phone .
App crashes after awhile using it .
Loading speed is an issue sometimes .
It has some issues , but it is a pretty good app .
I will spend so long on the app .
Exactly what I needed .
Still has minor bugs but it keeps getting better ! !
has everything i need and want to see .
Glitches have been fixed with recent updates .
I like to do specific searches and I would really like to have this feature back .
Please fix this !
Never crashes .
Makes everything so easy and I love how when I need to refer to a pin it brings me to my profile when I open the app .
It s great , I love it , except it crashes frequently on my iPod .
Windows can t touch this app ... very dissapointed with windows apps and just can t seem to get away from Apple ... which is fine except for the $ 1000 windows laptop I now have ,
One issue is the crashing sometimes when I try to pin an image it freezes and crashes .
The app is great too , and i would give it 5 stars , except sometimes it randomly crashes and exits out of the app .
Stuff like , a sandbox for my kid with instructions on how to build it , raised garden beds , and so forth .
It never not_fails to not_inspire the creation of something new !
There are so many ideas for a wide range of occasions and topics !
I can deal with it every once in awhile but now it s doing it almost every time I open the app it s very annoying please fix this so I can give it 5 stars because it is amazing .
Since I updated the app a few days ago , you can t browse by category anymore ; there is only Popular and Everything .
Or at least let us know how to change it ! ! !
It has everything I need : photo uploads directly from the phone , pinning , checking out newsfeed , I love it ,
It s very cool to post this I m interested in , share my kind if taste with all my friends .
I downloaded the app but can not not_use it not_because the Sign Up page won t load ... I ve tried over and over again .
I have been telling everyone about it but come to find out , most of my friends already know about it and somehow had forgotten to get me on board !
I have already tried lots of new recipes , made several types of new body lotions and have made a few crafts .
My only issue is not not_being not_able to edit the board covers with the app .
Easy to use , has a few bugs that need to be addressed like shutting down when trying to pin .
I love browsing through Pinterest , but the app crashes all the time .
It s frustrating when I click on something that I want to see then it crashes and I never not_get to not_see it ! ! !
The only complaint I have is that it seems to crash more frequently than any app I ever used , but is seldom enough that I would not not_actually not_declare it an issue .
\\n\\nI will mention this , but it is not not_Apple not_s fault , many of the links are dead or don t actually lead to the topic depicted in the pin , which can be quite an issue for recipes .
\\n\\nI ve never not_had not_any issues with it .
I haven t had any problems with it .
I really enjoy this app but I sound redundant when saying that it crashes on me quite often .
However the description for the app says you can pin from the web , and I have found this to be untrue .
Every third or fourth link I open , it crashes , and then I lose that link if I haven t pinned it .
Love the app , but wish I could create new pins from my phone ( vs just repinning ) .
Everything you need is available and you never not_need to not_wonder about anything again , just Pinterest it ! !
All the time\\n*clicks unlike* app crashes\\n*repins to board* app crashes\\n*scrolls to bottom of page* app crashes\\n\\nI do not not_understand not_why this app crashes so much but I hope they fix it soon .
I don t want to have to scroll through a lot of pages to find something I want in the new post an the popular posted categories .
This app functions perfectly I have not not_had not_any problems !
Thank you for helping me plan my wedding ! !
Such a great app , works great and is so fun ,
Sometimes loading seems slow and it crashes from time to time but it s still one of my favorite apps .
Helped me plan my wedding !
Mysteryluvr , I wanted to know what was so great about this app so I tried it and now I see .
The crashing is a problem , though .
Lots of fun , but very frustrating when it crashes on the IPAD every few minutes .
My only issues are the connection problems , glitches , and crashing .
I m sure the developers are working on that .
BUT it crashes frequently ,
But mine lags and crashes a lot .
Great ideas when you need them , don t know what s for dinner this has all the suggestions you need .
At first I was like oh wow what a boring thing to do ... After about an hour of just sitting there and still using the app I was like ok this might be a pretty cool app : ) great app nothing can be said bad about it other then dang Pinterest u took all my free time again ! !
It just shuts down ... but other than that I love it !
Full of great ideas , just love it !
I also like that you can save images from pinterest to your camera role .
The only issue I have is that it freezes and is rather slow at times .
\\n I have tried using it as an organizational tool , pinning content that i enjoy and would like to reference later , but once you get to a certain level of usage , finding anything from more than a week ago is pretty much impossible resulting in the need for smaller more specific boards rather than catch alls .
There so many great ideas this site is awesome .
\\nIf I want to know how to do something .
This is a fun on the go app when I need something to do when I m not at not_home !
Great time killer or if you need holiday or party ideas .
Why did it take so long for someone to develop this idea ? ! ? ! ?
Just wish it wouldn t crash so much !
Only problems really are when the program crashes ( frustrating when you lose a pin ) or there s a spam pin ( then get rid of it ! )
Ill say first off the only reason I give it 4 instead of 5 stars , is that sometimes it randomly crashes .
You will be able to find almost all you need ! !
Definitely recommend the humor section for laughs and the DIY section for craftiness !
I rarely not_use the not_app because I can t do anything , I would much rather log on to my laptop or use the website .
Frequent crashes .
Some links do not not_work , not_but overall a great app .
Who needs TV not me .
Just please add `` upload to Instagram '' feature .
I absolutely love Pinterest in spite of the few stalls and bugs it occasionally has .
Do not not_download not_app !
It s fun and easy to use BUT I get frustrated when my iPad crashes .
The only issue I have is that it lags sometimes .
The app crashes after about 15 minutes of use .
I wish there was a way to move pins to a `` pin I used '' board without not_having to not_repin .
This app will work great for a few minutes and then I am constantly getting the message that something went wrong on our end .
Then pins aren t available or it quits recognizing my login or just shuts itself down altogether .
Just like shopping for ideas or items or foodie stuff , but you don t spend money .
t you like to know ; ) , Addicted ,
Please change it back to where there are multiple categories .
spirits fold , Love Pinterest and the app helps some but it still crashes almost as much as the web Pinterest does on Safari .
I know I can flag them but after a while I just get tired of all the weight loss pics .
Pinterest provides access to the creative minds of our time !
I luv dis app , but it crashes waaaaayyyyy too much ! ! ! ! ! !
I love this but it crashes a lot !
There are so many great ideas that I would never not_think of ! !
I love it but it crashes from time to time , but other than that LOVE IT ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
What happened to the categories ? ?
There is no way to not_add not_pins .
I connect with friends , find a new table scape , humorous saying when I need a lift .
I think that I must use this app everyday .
The only way I can figure to pin something from the Internet on my iPad is to open an existing pin to the Internet then I just head to google and off I go !
It s like crack , once u start , u can t stop .
I recommend it to all of my family and friends .
Great resource but crashes from time to time ,
Tip with it girl , I love the app my only problem is that it will just crash and log it s self out but other than that its like crack ,
I gave it 4 stars because I wish you could edit your pin easier and faster .
Now I don t need to keep files filled with papers because everything is accessible on my boards .
I need to go to rehab for my Pinterest addiction .
The only problem I have with it is not not_being not_able to tag people in pins like I can with the desktop version .
Enjoying pinning but I have so many pins sometimes I can t find what I am looking for .
Yes , I may have a problem .
I love that you can do everything ( like edit and delete pins and boards ) straight from the app .
My only complaint is that it crashes and force closes after about 5 10 minutes of use .
Sharing recipes and gift ideas has been a favorite !
I love going on this site , just have problems with some of it loading completely sometimes .
All I can say is I need a Pintervention !
Pinterest is fantastic , but the app can use some help .
I love how you can see people s ideas an things they ve seen or experienced and share those ideas with your friends ,
The only problem I have with Pinterest is that I spend way too much time pinning instead of actually trying some of the pics that I pin !
After about 5 or 6 repins , it crashes .
I like the app in general but I wish it would allow me to edit the text on the things I pin ( after I pin them ) .
Sometimes I forget to edit the text before I pin and I have to login on my computer to fix it .
Only wish there was a way Pinterest could weed out pins that don t work ( e.g . bad recipe , floppy craft . )
It would be nice if pins were updated over time so you didn t have to sift through bad ones somehow .
With as good as Pinterest is at getting us to try new ideas and make improvements , they should have no not_problem with not_these things themselves !
evm78 , I love pinterest ... can t get enough .
Only issues is it sometimes takes a long time for some images to load or switch between pages .
Love the site and a lot of I technical issues have been fixed .
When I want my hair done , I how my hairstylist a picture , when I want to do a craft I pull it up on my phone to make sure I have everything !
The iPad version crashes after a few minutes of pinning .
My iPhone app does not have not_this not_problem .
I really hope you can fix it .
, but it doesn t. This last one actually has made it crash quicker .
I love this anything I need to find I can .
Gives plenty of ideas that are easy to make .
Only problem is that app crashes often !
But it crashes and has errors every time I use it , ,
I have not not_had not_any issues with this app .
If I were offer constructive criticism it would be to make it easier to search specific sites and pin places that you have previously navigated to .
Great app but crashes constantly ,
I love all of the fantastic ideas and DIY s ; ) It makes you want to put yourself in a creative state of mind and everything makes you smile !
If you ever need new ideas , or just wan na see some cool pics , you should definitely check out Pinterest !
It s frustrating to investigate a pin and have it take you to a specific site where you have to dig for the pin .
Rather , you have to go back , click to enlarge , go back , click to enlarge .
Also , once you ve scrolled down through the recent pins in your feed , there is no way to not_easily not_get back to the top and refresh .
Also , very helpful to take your pins with you to help remember what you need for that recipe or craft while shopping , or to easily show someone an idea , or to remember your inspiration for a new haircut/color or outfit to actually show the person helping you instead of just trying to describe .
Never fails to entertain me ,
Awesome site and I find myself sitting for hours reading about stuff but about once an hour the app crashes .
All I can say is pin it then read or you won t find it again if it crashes .
The pictures have great detail and provide mental relief/vacation when your struck with boredom ,
I could spend hors doing it but I have a continued problems with I shouting down allot on my iPad which is very frustrating .
If the app didn t crash multiple times every time I use it , it would rate 5 stars .
Literally can help you out with anything you need to do or just there for a needed laugh .
I spend probably way too much time in the site but this app has all the functions you would want and need to browse explore pin and repin ,
I love to create things , but I typically need to see a few things before I run with it .
Once you start you can t stop !
Whatever you want to research is here .
Highly recommend it .
Really great when I need to kill some time or trying to find ideas for something to wear !
The only thing I don t like is that it crashes a lot .
When you need a little motivation and to activate the creative side of your brain , this is the place to be ! !
There hasn t been one thing I haven t found that I searched for or one day that I haven t found a new idea when I just needed inspiration !
The ideas are endless .
I definetely recommend it !
Have tried so many things and just love it !
I just love it if you ask my husband , he hates it cause im glued to it ! ! !
My only complaint is that you can t pin from your phone , only repin .
I find the one on computer a little too complicated but necessary if you need to do detailed things ,
Love Pinterest but this app crashes constantly !
Of course now that I ve FINALLY reviewed this App it crashes and won t load !
: ) The app works very well ; you can hardly not_tell the not_difference between the app and the actual website .
I only wish that you could arrange your pins within each board ~ love it anyhow !
I love Pinterest but it crashes like every 30 seconds and every time I m in the middle of pinning something ! ! !
This app crashes so much for me .
The most amazing thing ever I never have a not_problem with not_crashing , it s always fast and I love the things that they have there is so much to see .
Sometimes the app crashes but I still go back since I m addicted to Pinterest !
There just isn t another better .
I need an intervention !
Pinterest still has a few bugs , but love the secret boards .
Once I finally figured out how to repost some of my pins that were on the wrong boards , Now i can find my pins so much easier .
The app is constantly crashing ! !
I like more directions on the projects I want to make , or menu s. also I want to follow a person but NOT that persons whole list , so I need to learn how to follow who I choose .
I highly recommend it !
Never have any problems with the app , except using it too often when I should be doing other things ( lol ) .
JLP0314 , I used to be able to upload pics from my iPhone and now I can t. Please fix this ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I love Pinterest , it has pins that tell you how to make things , so worth the room ,
I think there should be the ability to move pins from one board to another without not_having to not_pin them again .
Whether you re looking for a home made gift , party centerpieces , home decor inspiration , a new outfit , or even what to cook for dinner tonight , this is the app you re looking for ! ! !
Please make an option for the pins we are looking at in the main page to be either a single pane or double pane view .
Pinterest just let s you bookmark and let your friends see what you book marked .
Haven t had any problems at all with this app .
This app will crash rarely not_but not_every thing else about it out weighs a very occasional flaw .
And besides most of the time when it crashes it brings me back to real life and all the new pintrest ideas I need to go try .
There are so many great ideas and projects .
I just wish there was a better way to scroll to the top of the pin feed as there is on the computer .
I m using it to plan my wedding and am finding the most amazing ideas .
Thankfully hasn t crashed yet ,
There are so many ideas & amp ; helpful tips ... it s unreal !
Though most problems have been fixed with the new update , I still have some problems with the app crashing .
I can t stop pinning .
Why is this not not_easier not_?
Please fix this !
I spend so much time on this app , it would be so nice if it didn t close me out so much .
This is a great app but it freezes and crashes too often .
I use it on my iPad and I can just about guarantee that it will crash about every five min or so ... .very frustrating .
I think the people that says it crashes might have a phone issue .
I have used this over a year on my iPhone and it hasn t crashed once !
You get to put your dreams , likes and hopes on boards that you can share with anyone .
\\n\\nBut if you need inspiration on the go this is a great app !
I never have not_any not_problems with it ,
Great app if it would not not_crash not_every 5 minutes ?
It crashes if I use it for about 30 minutes .
And always handy when you need a good laugh .
Mine rarely has not_any not_issues .
Have never not_once not_had issues !
I highly recommend this app .
Yes , it crashes randomly , but that may be necessary to stop my pinterest obsession .
Love having pinterest on the ipad , can be glitchy at times like my boards are missing or when i click on one og my boards the pins are unavailable ... but overall great app ,
This would be the BEST app ever if it just didn t crash so much .
I know it s new to iPad , so I m hoping that in time this issue will be fixed .
Love this app and so far have had no not_problems with it .
I love it but it constantly crashes .
Maybe that s a good thing since that s the only thing that can pull me away from it , but it s very frustrating !
Pinterest is a great site and this is a great app but it needs a feature that allows you to delete the cache .
There are so many great ideas .
Very entertaining , wish there were written instructions on how to navigate Pinterest !
Don t know how to find my friends pins .
I wish you could change something you pinned in one board to another board and delete it from the first ,
I do however find it crashes a bit more than once in a while , which is annoying .
It crashes every five minutes , and I keep redownloading it .
I love Pinterest there are so many great ideas .
I can t get enough ... it s my favorite way to find creative crafts and yummy recipes ... it s a must ... one warning though ... once you start you can t stop ! ! !
Please fix that !
I couldn t have planned my wedding without it ,
The site is great for any crafty or fashionable ppl who just need inspiration .
I use my boards as virtual inspiration boards and have created some great pieces as a result .
On the bad side , the app keeps crashing and there are options you can only use through the webpage ( like inviting friends to private boards or changing personal settings ) .
This is a great app and i m addicted but there are too many bugs .
It crashes way too often , like i m looking in the humor category and find one i really like but then it crashes , and when i open the app again , the page has refreshed so i cant find that pin i liked .
It crashes every time I pin .
Can t create new account with Facebook .
Pinterest provides hours of entertainment .
Totally amazing the ONLY place to go for all ur need to know answers on just about anything !
Mlc825 , I love this app except when it crashes .
Got the idea to use this site from a friend who suggested it after I stated that I never not_know not_what to cook .
s mom , Crashes a lot and makes me lose my place , which is annoying , but it s a pretty cool time waster .
I think anyone should have this ! ! ?
Haven t had any problems with it yet !
Mannic84 , Anybody else getting a login failed screen every time you open it ? ! ? ! ? !
I love the app just as much !
In fact , I get on so frequently that my husband made it a rule that we have to try at least one recipe/ project a week .
Never have any problems and its great to be able to go back to pins when I m out and about ,
I d love to be able to consistently Pin and go through to the source , but the app crashes all the time !
Works great when I need it to .
It gives you so many ideas for events , food , crafts , home decor , activities with kids , it just has everything !
BT 3/31 , I can find anything I need to know or do ( & amp ; more ) on Pinterest !
I LOVE Pinterest and have made a lot of the recipes off it .
Its awesome to have an app , the ONLY complaint I would have is after about 30 minutes on the app , the app crashes .
Pinterest gives great ideas , its fun to look for new and different things , I just love it ,
It is fun and interesting but they need to make it more mobile friendly !
I post my wedding ideas to one and it s so easy to pull it up to show coordinators , florists , and decorators without not_having to not_search through my camera roll .
I love Pinterest so much and I love that I can use this app on my iPad .
However , the app crashes A LOT and it drives me insane !
The recent updates made the app better .
I would rather use the app than use it online personally .
Great ideas , just love it ,
Great recipes , good craft ideas , holiday magic and even the photos of beautiful places are so inspiring .
Had no not_idea not_what I was missing !
Was working fine for months until recently when I press pin once it posts my pin more than once .
The app does have issues at times but much better since upgrades .
I love that I can pin something and pull it up on my phone if I m at the store to get the items I need to make crafts or recipes !
I just love this app .
There are a still a few bugs present upon refreshing but it is miles closer to how awesome it can be .
DeepblueKat , This has been pretty good to look at boards but how do you pin stuff ?
No really , it s a problem .
I only wish there was a search option but I m new so maybe there is and I just don t know it yet ,
My husband has had the same issue so I know it s a problem with the app .
I love this site and the app , but it crashes frequently .
This is the place to find the ideas you are thinking about but aren t sure how to make it happen .
You will never have to not_remember not_any of the cool stuff u find ever again cuz u can just pin it to ur board !
My husband thinks I need an intervention .
I think I need more time to do things I find on Pinterest .
It does the job but crashes fairly frequently .
I feel like it needs a little something else for me to rate 5 stars , but can t quite put my finger on it .
What happened to the old Pinterest ?
Why is it changed ?
iPhone app does not not_do that .
I have created boards that help keep me organized as to what project is next .
I haven t had any problems with the app so far .
Just love it !
I ve learned how to be crafty and how to cook ! !
But u need to make an update where it tells me what I ve already pinned !
Whether you have a business , event , planning what to wear or just rearranging furniture , pinterest is there to manage every detail ! !
But it seems to be always crashing .
If it didn t always crash I would rate it 5 starts .
I used it to plan my New Orleans wedding from Illinois , I ve used if for recipes , decor , gift shopping , crafts , work you name it .
What could be more fun ?
I have made so many things and sparked so many ideas from this app .
I just love Pinterest has totally helped me plan my wedding ! !
I have dozens of boards from hippie vans , to videos I created to nail polish colors to a collection of gorgeous doors !
Please fix this ! ! !
I am on it even when I don t need to be .
However it Crashes constantly , enough to be so frustrating that I do not not_enjoy it not_much .
It can crash as much as twenty times in just an hour .
The best ideas to organize any and everything , recipes for the yummiest things , recycle and repurpose cheap things and old things this is the best app/idea since FB .
This is the perfect thing to turn to if you need a new idea or you just want to look at creativeness ! !
It crashes every once in a while , but I can spend hours here without not_realizing it !
How can you not not_love not_this app ?
And it crashes a whole whole lot , esp .
Would like to have more boards available !
Only problem is that it crashes occasionally .
Easy to use , everything you want is here .
There are so many creative , unique , and sometimes mind boggling ideas !
The only problem with this app is that it crashes constantly ... please fix that .
I love the app but when it crashes all the time I begin to lose interest .
However , I hate the fact that it randomly will crash .
It would be nice if the app would work for more than 10 minutes without not_crashing for not_no reason .
Love this app but it freezes and crashes a lot , otherwise Id give it 5 stars .
Think I may be addicted !
I love Pinterest and this app does everything I need it to !
The only problem I have is that it crashes sometimes if I have been on it for a while .
Would be nice if it didn t unexpectedly close on me sometimes but overall good ,
I love that I can add my own things and repin things to go back to later ! !
Seriously people..you are going to love this app ,
Very addicting , but force closes constantly , would rate a 5 star , but need to fix this problem please ! !
So glad I can use Pinterest on my iPhone ! !
However there are times when it crashes or unable to download a particular item .
I love being able to use this as I need and do it wherever I want .
Has made life so much easier !
Although there are some kinks that need to be worked out like the crashes .
I LOVE Pinterest but this app freezes and crashes on my iPhone every 5 min .
When I use it I have to `` like '' everything before I read it just to make sure I don t lose the link when it crashes ! ! !
Please please PLEASE fix this ! !
Please bring back the individual categories !
I can find virtually anything and everything I need on here .
I highly recommend this app .
\\nThey added the ability to edit a pin which is great !
Just love it .
At times it tries to reload and pics never not_show not_up , but it is much better then it used to be .
I love that you can share it with other social media sites .
Flo pants , I can t stop pinning .
I love to look at Pinterest on my iPad , but every time I use this app it CRASHES !
I rarely have not_issues with it .
The only problem is that it crashes alot on the iPad ( 1st generation ) .
Love the app , but please fix the crashes .
The only problem is that I could spend hours on here !
I love it but it crashes a lot ! ! ! !
Frustrated with crashes , but love the app .
I just love this concept and enjoy finding new things to keep life interesting ,
How can I browse efficiently without the not_categories not_? ! ? ! ?
Please fix this .
I only rated this app 4 stars because I have trouble with it crashing every once in awhile .
Just needs some tweaking with showing up quicker on you board when adding new pins .
\\nOne minor issue ... using my iPhone I can be on for hours and app not not_crash not_but using my iPad it will crash several times throughout .
Sometimes I am unable to retrieve my pins .
I really like this app but it seems to crash quite frequently .
I m amazed that so many people share the things they love to do , and how to do it .
If you re a DIY type you need this app .
This thing will keep me up at night because I can t stop looking at all the great stuff !
The only problem is that it crashes every five or ten minutes , it gets frustrating after a while .
Does what it says , then crashes .
But after being on it for a while it crashes : ( ,
Such a awesome site in so many ways ... you can find things , then create your boards of things you like , but most of all you can follow people from all over the world .
I love love love this app , except when it crashes when I find something I really want to pin .
Especially good when you have nothing to make for dinner !
You can never not_say you have not_nothing to do ever again !
No real fixes ... ... the app used to crash a lot before , but now it s constant , and it doesn t save your last spot .
But , it still needs work .
The app is missing the `` scroll to top '' button that is on the web version .
unfortunately it crashes every once and a while .
My favorite thing about Pinterest are all the recipes available ; it makes eating healthy very easy .
Pinterest has changed my style , the way I decorate , the way I eat and has added many dimensions to my creativity in every aspect of life .
Cj Smith , My daughter tells me & amp ; my friends that I need a Pinterest intervention ! !
I have made some of the things I have pinned .
Anything you want to know how to do , fix , make or if you need inspirational ideas !
I just Love this App ,
I never not_understood not_how people get addicted to apps before I found Pinterest , now I can t stop pinning !
My sister told me about it and how good it comes in handy , for example did ya know that you can use all of the make up you have left just by heating it up in the microwave ?
I recommend it to every one !
This place is so inspiring and there are so many great ideas !
As I have said in the past , and am now hearing others say , I need a pintervention !
So many great ideas , the only problem is I cant remember all these great ideas and after I have done something I see that I have it saved and just forgot to use that awesome idea .
I love Pinterest totally except that it crashes 4 or 5 times a day .
I d be on for hours but it CRASHES at least every 5 minutes .
It does take awhile to load if you aren t connected to wifi , but it s perfect to use when you need something to browse .
It would be nice to be able to privatize boards that are already created .
I don t like that I can t control who sees my pins .
The only things I could think to complain about is you can t search for friends and if you are browsing a category and accidentally hit explore you can t go back to the same pins .
But the biggest problem is that it will log me off randomly in the middle of pinning !
It s unbelievable the amount of stuff you can find on here .
If I could suggest any enhancement it would be a quicker way to rearrange your pins and it seems to kick me off frequently .
This app lets me use the pins I have added in the go !
Then when I want to do something I just go to my boards and get the instructions ! ! ! ! ! !
However , it crashes on occasion when I try to open the link to a pin .
Works great , occasionally gets slow with loading or pinning things but nothing I can t deal with : ) ,
It s like I get create creative ideas !
I love this app but it crashes on me about every 5 10 minutes : ( ,
Just like the website .
Great app , but the bugs need to be worked out before I can give it 5 stars .
Love Pintrest , hate that it crashes or freezes all the time .
Pinterest is even more addicting now that I can use it anywhere !
Do you really need more reviews ? !
What happened to all of them ?
I love this app , I couldn t have planned my wedding without it !
It would be amazing if this could somehow integrate into Safari/iOS such that you could pin from the mobile browser .
I can sure tell a lot about people from their pins .
I really do like Pinterest I m am on it a ton there are two things I don t like 1 .
When you search you search the entire site I like that sometimes but other times I just want to search my pins I ve already pinned since I pin so much It takes me a long time to find pins I need .
I really need to get a life ! !
Love this app ... need more time in the day !
The app crashes every now and then but overall has a nice mobile interface and an impressive ( and growing ) set of features .
The only problem I have with the app is that it will close without not_warning .
Only issue is it kicks me off randomly .
Would be nice to be able to scroll through comments on the busier pins !
It s so neat and everything is in categories so you can pick what you want to pin .
I just really love this virtual pin board .
I love the app , but it crashes on me .
It wouldn t be a problem if it crashed every once and a while , but it does it constantly .
And sometimes the app will crash and close and you cant find the picture you were just looking at again .
What bugs me about the app though is that sometimes when I click on something to see the instructions , it takes me to something that has nothing to do with what I clicked it for !
Love Pinterest on my computer , but it crashes over & amp ; over again on my iPad .
\\n\\nOne little thing though , it seems to crash a lot on my iPad : ) ,
It would be a great upgrade if they could figure out how to keep multiples of a repinned post from showing up over & amp ; over on your feed .
Now please fix the iPad version .
iPad app crashes and is slow .
Also , it would be nice to have a more user friendly app , myself and most of my friends prefer Pintrest on PC over the app due to user friendliness .
I m obsessed with the website so the app just furthers my addiction .
I appears to crash a lot , but I still love it .
I do wish there was a way to report inappropriate pictures or sites that do not not_pull not_anything up .
This app is such a great thing !
Awesome for recipes and ideas for DIY just wish they wouldn t show the same stuff over and over and I still don t know how to make my own pin from an Internet site , they should make that easer ,
I can t stop finding everything I love .
The creators of the Pinterest app have made a lot of improvements .
Love the app , but after the last update , I can no longer not_browse not_via categories , really need to change that .
I have used so many ideas to update my house and am loving all of them .
Never fails .
I find everything I need !
This is my favorite app by far and it is my `` go to app '' when I need to kill time ,
It s so cool never not_crashes and not_when I need somthing it s right there ,
So many ideas you can t absorb them all !
I just love this ap .
It often fails to load all of my pins on my boards , fails to load at all , or won t allow me to choose the board 8 want to pin on ( especially on the IPad ! )
It is great for limited grazing , but large searches on other boards or your own should be done on the computer IMO .
\\n\\nFrom crafts and arts with the kids , to dishes and cleaning and decorations everything is here .
There are SO MANY great ideas on here .
I can t stop !
Just can t stop !
s got a shopping problem , Perfect !
I love this app ... you are able to find everything you need & amp ; more !
My biggest problem with it is that it is not not_currently not_possible to limit who can see your pins/ find your boards .
I would give more stars if there was a way to a ) limit who can see your pins and b ) invite specific people to be able to see your boards .
I love exploring Pinterest but It crashes about every 5 minutes .
Great to have it easily available on my phone .
Love , but It would be great if we could have subcategories for our boards ! ! !
Also there is really no way to not_pin not_things directly from the app unless you just want to upload a picture .
I have learned a lot , I have made a lot dishes and I have gotten so many ideas for different project .
I just love it ! ! !
Had a problem when I first downloaded it , but that was remedied before I could even notify anyone .
Just love it I can never not_get not_enough of it .
Great app if u need ideas or just love browsing .
I hade no not_idea not_why everyone was/is buzzing about this site ... then I went on it and can t stop !
Pinterest often closes suddenly or fails to open my boards .
\\n\\nOnly problem is there seems to be several glitches on this app .
I have made so many things for family and friends , thanks to ideas found through Pinterest , tutorials , and especially the means of being able to categorize and save the ideas for referring back to when ready to do something else !
I think they need to set up PA ( Pinterest anonymous ) meetings lol !
Amazing app recommend it !
It has never not_crashed for me and not_works flawlessly .
It has problems with shutting off randomly while you are pinning pictures .
I like how many ideas you are able to view on what you are interested in .
Great app in that you can use it the same as on any computer .
Every woman should have this .
I love using the Pintrest app , but it crashes quite often .
The only downside is the occasional crash when you are on it too long , but that may just be a higher power telling me to get off the app and get back to work !
I ve only had it kick me off one and honestly I needed to be off anyway !
Love love the app it does crash a lot ! !
Does exactly what I need it to do .
Everyone says I m addicted and says I m on way to much , but how can t you just love it .
Almost anything you will ever want to know how to do ,
I love the site there are so many cool ideas and tips ! ! !
I like , just wish it did not not_crash not_so often .
I admit , I am addicted to Pinterest : ) \\n\\nOnly if adding pins from webpages was easier !
\\n\\nOnce you start , you definitely can t stop !
I seriously recommend this app !
there are so many great ideas , and it s never not_ending .
This app crashes a lot and has a lot of `` minor hiccups '' .
It has great content on it , just wish it didn t crash so much .
They definitely need to work out the bugs .
I love Pinterest but this app crashes on me all the time causing me to loose my spot on whatever I was searching for at the time .
I would have given it 5 stars but until this bug is fixed it only gets 4 stars .
Love pinterest , but this app crashes ALL OF THE TIME ! ! ! ! !
Please get it together and fix the problem once and for all .
The only bummer is that you can t really pin from any website .
What did we do before ?
Just love this !
I have had very few problems with it .
Works well , fails occasionally , but nothing beats tailored entertainment ,
I do have issues with it crashing all the time especially on my iPad .
I have never not_had a not_problem with it .
Hard to narrow down results or find something you saw previously bit forgot to pin .
But this app crashes often !
I just adore this site !
Love the Pinterest app but it crashes sometimes ,
But the app crashes all the time .
I find that this app crashes quite a bit .
No crashes or issues .
But it crashes all the time .
If you love Pinterest you NEED this app !
Great app just gives me errors when repinning a lot !
I have had problems with it closing randomly , and pausing for periods of time .
Great way to keep ideas organized and find them when you need them .
Yes I made this up ! !
Zman89 , Love this site and recommend it to everyone ... ..we just finished our first project it was exciting ! ! ! ! !
Sal03 , This is one App I can t leave without .
I just love it !
Crashes all the time and web pages don t open all the time ! !
the idea and the web site are great !
\\nHas everything from food to how to clean your drains ready to pin to your personal boards .
There are times when it randomly shuts down or the links do not not_work not_but it is rare .
I have planned my entire wedding from my cell phone , by using this app !
This App is much better since they have worked out some of the bugs , but it really needs to have a `` Scroll to Top '' button , just like on the desktop sight , it would make things much easier ,
You don t just enjoy the pictures people pinned but LEARN as well .
You can t post new pins unless they are photos !
I am frequently wanting to post links from online but am unable to .
I am either unable to find said recipe or video or I am kicked off the program completely .
Does anyone else have this problem ?
I love the app version , so much more than the website , but it crashes ALL the time !
No problem it can t fix ,
The only problem I ve found is it crashes way too often ,
You can get happily lost in it for hours or if you want to be more efficient you can create a targeted set of people whose posts you follow to narrow your exposure .
Never had a problem : ) love it !
I still don t know how to navigate this site with any expertise yet , but have made projects here that have led to a new career direction .
% moechedda % , I really like this app but sometimes its Kick u off and that is irritating n then u have to find where u were at ,
It is amazing with anything you want to know !
App crashes every few minutes or so .
But keeps crashing throwing me out , I lose what I m looking for or looking at every three minutes just about wish it could get fixed It could be addicting if it were not not_such a not_flop\\n\\n That was my review before recent update ... it could b really addicting I could spend hours on it , but it kicks me out every five minutes and I can t get back to where I was reading so not not_worth not_going on : / ,
I can t a word for Pinterest is just the best of the best am in love Lol .
I do have a problem .
When I view more the four images the app crashes .
\\nStill crashes if you look at multiple images .
I love this website and this app , but ever since the latest update the beginning of feb .
I have had many issues with crashing and freezing with this app .
It would be nice if they came up with another update to get rid of this issue .
Who ever wrote this program ( s ) , needs to help other app producers .
I am always looking forward to find new ideas ,
This app crashes all the time ! ! !
It crashes a lot .
I recommend this app for anyone who likes to change it up a little .
App is now crashing after update .
Seeing one pin at a time is annoying make this app just like the website ! ! !
Emilie Ross , So good for teaching ideas that are fun , easy , and super helpful ! ! !
When I can t stand anything on TV which is often Pinterest keeps me interested for as long as I want .
Love pinterest but the app crashes all of the time !
Please fix the bug that causes it to crash .
Thought it was a chick app , but after watching my other half on here I became addicted and now need an intervention .
App crashes every 5 min and whatever I was looking at at the time is lost .
Need a category called seasonal ! !
Sometimes I can t stop looking through everything .
I find myself on Pinterest multiple times a day and am so glad they made the app better since the original version was terrible !
Hasn t crashed on me yet .
Never had any issues with this app : ) ) ,
It crashes sometimes .
But every time I go on my profile , the app crashes .
This is a great app that just inspires your creative side , no not_matter not_what inspires you .
The app has its problems , such a slow reactions , and crashing , but it has improved since I first started using it , so it s getting there .
I highly recommend it !
If that could be fixed this app would be 100 % perfect ! !
Sometimes it crashes .
I can plan parties and such .
Sadly though it will freeze and kick me out of the app , also sometimes it will put old pictures on the top .
I just wish that you could talk to other pinners , because my friends on this more than Facebook so I don t get to IM them as much as I would like .
It hasnt failed me yet , doesnt crash , and I have no not_problems with it .
I am planning my wedding and this site is helping me get awesome ideas .
Please bring categories back !
My only problem is it crashes a lot and looses what you were looking at .
I use to LOVE this site until I updated it .
I am currently planning my wedding and it has been a huge help !
You can find everything you need here .
I have gotten so many neat ideas from things to do with my kids to how to do my hair and makeup from this app .
App is awesome , only thing I would change would be that you should be able to edit boards and pins in more detail .
until it crashes .
There was a time when it crashed a lot but they seem to have fixed that .
Good app , but the application itself has bugs almost constantly .
It s nice that you can find interesting DIY ideas , inspirational quotes , and it s a great source for websites .
Why do the pages have to close so easy ?
Only compliant : occasionally the iPad app crashes when browsing to a website .
The only reason I didn t give it 5 stars was because it still crashes on me , though not as not_often as it not_used to since the bug fix .
Enjoy looking up all the pictures and adding them to my boards .
Only issue I have sometimes on the app is randomly getting kicked off but that happens with a lot of apps anyway ,
How could you not not_?
They have created something wonderful that has helped me in sooo many ways !
Is there any way we can get some filters on here for virgin eyes and ears ?
I need more guidance .
It s especially better now that you can edit ,
Please fix this glitch !
They ve added in app editing , thank you !
I can t imagine how to spend my time other than being at this site .
Whenever I need inspiration I turn to Pinterest .
The only this I wish is that you could tag people in a pin on the iPhone .
QueenTalks , I just love it ... The receipts are wonderful and the locations , locations , locations are beautiful .
It crashes way too much , usually 5 or 6 times an hour .
A way to organize recipes , projects , fashion ideas trips to plan etc all in one place .
but after the update I can t see the captions under the pic so it is really bad cuz I want to write my own captions and I don t know if I deleted all the words please undo the update ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
It has changed how I shop and made it much easier for me to pinpoint what I need to add to my closet and home .
I can t make more than a few repins before the app crashes on me and I have to scroll continuously just to pick up where I left off !
awilkerson , Pinterest is a great way to collect all of those random items you see all over the Internet that you always wanted to save but didn t know where to put them .
I was at the grocery store and forgot to write down the name of a product I wanted to buy .
The only thing is that it can crash at times which is super frustrating or fail to link to the website it came from .
Only complaint is it crashes .
Only complaint is that it sometimes crashes when linking to a website .
I wish it was around when I was planning my wedding !
My only complaint is that it crashes too often .
I love , love this app it s worth every penny if you have to pay .
You will be hooked on this .
I love Pinterest , but the app crashes sometimes .
I wish it brought the ability to arrange your boards to the iPad ( have to go to laptop to do this ) and I can t figure out `` Set Board Cover '' in the app ( have to go to Safari on the iPad ) .
I absolutely luv , luv , luv this app I recommend it to everyone who luvs cooking .
I love it just like the website but easier access .
I also have a whole lot more things to create .
Now I just need someone to pay me for pinning !
It crashes all the time .
Still crashes occasionally and I get errors often .
I highly recommend it !
I have gotten so many wonderful ideas : ) can t wait for the holidays ,
I also live that I can use it on my phone as easily as my computer , sometimes I like that more .
I like the app a lot but it occasionally crashes which is a bummer .
I recommend it ,
Never have any issues and I could spend hours on this app !
Wish I could Pin from the web , needs a `` pin it button !
I had no not_idea not_where to start planning my wedding once I got engaged .
It provides me with so many creative ideas which inspires my own .
This app does what it s supposed to , however it crashes without not_fail not_every time .
But , I see the crash as a sign that I need to get off Pinterest and go do something productive , so maybe it s a good thing .
Helpful tips on how to turn things into something useful or decorative .
Anything you want to know about at your fingertips .
There are so many websites on the Internet that you can not not_possibly not_visit but other pinners may have and they will pin what they find of interest on a board .
Pinterest is always inspiring me to create new projects and the app makes that possible whenever and wherever !
I can t stay way from this app ! !
I have iPad 1 and it crashes constantly or I would give 5 stars .
My only complaint ( and a dumb one at that ) is not not_being not_able to assign album covers , but other than that , absolutely no not_problems not_what so ever !
Just like the app on the computer .
Haven t had any problems with this app yet .
I use this app all the time , and I have never not_had not_issues .
I love Pinterest but it crashes constantly on my apple iPhone and iPad which is very frustrating !
I would have been fine if it took away the ones I didn t use but it took away food and drink and DIY .
I can t cook dinner without not_consulting my not_Pinterest .
It sometimes crashes or freezes but its still my fave .
It loads fast and I never have not_any not_issues .
The only thing is that I wish I could mark items as not not_spam not_because sometimes there are images that I can t pin .
I have made at least ten recipes and none of them have turned out bad !
After the bugs were fixed , my experience with the app has been a positive one .
I recommend it .
You have to try it for yourself ! ! ! ! !
The only downfall is that sometimes it crashes unexpectedly and normally it is when I find something super cool .
Freezes a lot , half the time I get an API error .
Just ticks me off when it freezes on a great pin and exits out & amp ; goes back to my main iPod screen ,
I really enjoy Pinterest , but I am getting frustrated with the fact that it crashes a lot .
Great for just looking or getting a creative spark !
And it rarely not_crashes .
When you are browsing the sections sometimes you see the same pins time and time again so it would be nice to be able to say nope , not not_interested and have it not_go away .
I updated it , and it had changed appearances and seems easier to navigate .
Please make it where it is easier to move pins to a different board .
And I don t hesitate to search for a cleaning tip or remedy when I need one !
I can find most everything I need on here .
next time I update this review , there re some improvement possibilities ,
Great ideas that are so easy ... ,
Not sure if you are crashing or what .
Can see that being an issue not not_knowing not_how popular you would become !
The only problem is I loose track of time , not not_good , not_Kimmers 538 ,
I have done so many projects , Christmas was awesome I had a Christmas Pinterest party and we all made a ton of ornaments and gifts .
Very easy to search for and repin items to my boards : ) my only problem is that sometimes all of the pins within my boards do not not_show not_up .
There are SO many great ideas .
This app is the best it rocks I almost never not_review not_apps but this one is great I use it all moast every day I dont know how to explan it ,
For days now its been saying I have no not_current not_pins available and I don t understand why .
I can t stop !
How can anyone not not_like not_Pinterst ?
I highly recommend everyone check out Pintrest ! ! !
Love the app but it crashes a lot .
So many great ideas in one place and I love the organization it provides as well ,
However , the app does freeze and crash occasionally so they really need to fix that .
There are so many great tips tricks and ideas .
Several years ago I had a similar idea where I used a large scrapbook album and made pages with different themes .
Pinterest is a great way to share ideas that just enhance my life .
The app crashes CONSTANTLY .
I am unable to see the text of a pin when I go to repin it it just appears blank .
Then usually after I pin the app crashes .
It also crashes when I am simply scrolling through pins .
Nickelodeon53 , Pinterest reminds me of when I made collages as a kid .
Haven t had any problems !
This app is amazing , super addicted to it but it seems to be having technical problems but besides the login part , IT IS AMAZING , download it now ! !
Sometimes loading takes a bit but it never not_crashes and not_they do a great job for an app .
Great site I wish it would not not_freeze not_up so often on my iPod and my kindle\\nIt freezes a lot but I love it do much I keep restarting it to try to find we re I left off ( but I never not_do not_) ,
I just love it ,
I just love Pinterest .
Doesn t get 5 stars because it often crashes .
I love this app but have to be careful as it is very addicting !
I just love this app !
And 2 ) i havent quite figured out how to repon to a differet board when i reprginize .
I love the mobile app ... it used to crash all the time but it appears that they have worked out those bugs .
However , Lately I have been having problems with lost boards .
\\nHowever , it frequently crashes which is very bothersome and inconvenient .
It s such a nice app and I love how its made online shopping so convenient .
But I am unable to see ALL of my pins .
Please fix this : ) ,
And I always have my pin boards with me if I need them .
But it can t stand how if I have so many things in one board it only shows a certain amount of what I have pinned .
The only way to see all the stuff I have pinned is to go on the online version .
Please fix that !
I literally spend hours on Pintrest and I love the app , but it crashes all the time , especially when I want to pin something .
I don t know why anyone would only give it one star !
Great ideas and it is great for any age range .
I have had issues with it not not_loading and not_crashing , but since it s a time killer I figure I should be doing something more urgent then anyway .
Just love love love my Pinterest !
Pinterest you have officially made my life easier ! ! ! !
When there is a problem , it gets solved fast !
Pinterest has whatever you are looking for and keeps you busy !
Why didn t I think of this ?
The only negative thing about it are the crashes .
I just work though them though .
I mean you can t really complain when it s free !
If there is anything u need to know , want to learn , or just need some motivational inspiration this is the place to get all that and so much more ! ! ! !
I could get lost in Pinterest .
I made so many things from Pintrest .
Love this app but it crashes several times each time I use it .
It crashes sometimes , but not not_too not_often .
I don t recommend this app for people who get distracted easily and have lots of homework to do .
The iPad version always crashes : ( I don t use it on my iPhone I anymore , I don t like it the pins are so small I can t see them .
How can you not not_love not_this site ! ?
It is my go to site for recipes , how to fix anything , decorations , everything !
I just wish you could tag followers ,
App crashes all the time .
It also crashes maybe 25 % of the time .
\\n\\nI wish you could edit/rearrange pins more easily on the iPhone app .
Very ADDICTIVE , I just LOVE this app ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Only thing I wish is that you could move pins from one board to another more easily .
If I could somehow get paid for using it I would be in heaven !
I could deal with the frequent crashes and freezes but I can t deal with the fact that it won t rotate horizontally anymore .
But in 20 minutes this app crashed 4 times .
While pinterest on a PC works wonderfully , the app for I Pad does not not_; it not_crashes every time I try to pin something ... every time .
Ever since the new update it has been crashing with an error when I would click on the image .
I never not_knew not_what I was missing till I signed up .
Pinterest provides the community with a sense of wonder and inspiration .
The idea of pinterest is simple , yes , but the endless opportunities of discovery keep me coming back for more and more ; it is my favorite addiction : ) ,
\\n\\nThe only downfall is I wish you could tag pins .
I love the site , but the app crashes every 10 minutes .
The only problem with this app is that it is ADDICTING !
Love pintrest , BUT It s always `` crashing '' and in order for it to work I have to restart ... .only this app that does it tho !
Flowerrr18 , Once you start looking , you can t stop ! !
Thanks to this app I now have projects on how I recycle things or just find a new way to use them !
It s perfect for DIY ideas , recipes , home decor & amp ; even a pick me up when you need a laugh !
I haven t had a problem yet ( knock on wood ) I love that it s on the go so that I can look up the recipes I pin when I am at the grocery store !
Have so much fun pinning , my daughter and I have created a two day a week no not_pin not_day so that we can `` do '' the pins we have .
I swear , Pinterest must have been created with teachers in mind !
Every time I need inspiration , this is where I go .
It s incredibly helpful and has no not_bugs !
Wish I could add pins straight from my usual browser , but at least I have the option to copy the web address into the browser within the app .
Cons : Occasionally fails to retrieve page after viewing link .
Occasionally fails to load images .
My only wish is that when you want to rearrange your pins you could move current pins to secret board without not_having to not_repin .
And it crashes after like 15 minutes .
( I use an iPod ) please fix this soon because I need a recipe that I liked awhile back .
So worried that its going to crash one day , and I will lose all the wonderful things I plan on doing one day !
However , the app crashes so often that I couldn t rate it above 3/5 .
When it does this it does NOT remember your spot in the feed , so you have to scroll all the way back down .
Is there any way that I can get a job pinning ?
I am thinking Al Gore must have invented this ! ! !
`` What should I have for dinner ? ''
Bugs need to be fixed !
How did we live without not_this not_?
It s not just not_some not_social network site , it offers cool craft ideas , remedies , recipes , ideas on how to decorate your home etc..
Love that you can create different boards for your topics and then pin away .
If you use your judgment you can find excellent recipes and have then ready at your fingertips .
But the app crashes constantly ! !
How would we eat , dress , and decorate without it not_?
I just love this !
The last update seems to have fixed a lot of the bugs !
I love Pinterest , but my app is always crashing .
I need to get busy on some of these DIY projects ! !
I love pinterest , but buyer beware it will unexpectedly crash on me .
I love Pinterest with all my heart but I m so sick of it crashing 10 15 into my pinning !
The only ones available are `` popular '' and `` everything '' .
Please fix this Pinterest !
Just wish it would tell you if you have already pinned something so you don t pin it more than once .
A few bugs could be worked out .
Additionally , the app has always crashed on me at random times or just remains unresponsive .
I planned my wedding with it !
The only complaint I have is that the app ALWAYS crashes on my iPod .
Please fix this ! !
This really needs to get fixed .
Do not not_update not_this app .
It worked great before and now it crashes .
Not only does the app crash every two to five minutes , but whenever I want to pin something or re pin it , the text box is blank until I hit enter a few times , then the words will pop up .
I d love to give it five stars , but until it stops crashing all the time I just can t ,
Don t have any problems .
I am planning my vegetable garden and flowers .
Everything you can think of is here .
Please get this fixed ; it s getting to the point where I don t want to use the app because of it .
I love the layout of the app and how to interact with it .
However , my iPad app is freezing within 2 min or less or just not_crashing in not_general .
Would be five stars but sick of it closing randomly and when you find something you want to pin , and no not_info not_is available when you click on the pic .
It has more ideas than you could ever use .
I may quite possibly be addicted to this app !
I love this app and its great but it crashes ALOT and you can t find the place you were before it shut down .
Also , with the last update it took away all the categories so now you can only choose Popular or Everything .
Really great app , never not_crashes on me ,
I ve never not_had not_glitches or any other problem with the app I highly recommend it !
I saw pictures and thought `` Oh god , just another app like Instagram probably . ''
Not only can I find recipes , but also exercises , and how to make really cool crafts .
My only problem is every once in a while this ap will close , I m not not_sure not_what causes this but I do get frustrated when this happens .
Highly recommend it .
It needs to be fixed .
\\nWish you could pin from the Internet on the mobile app .
Never have a problem with it shutting down on me anymore .
What happened to the explore page ?
Hey I m never not_bored not_because I just open his app and build my fantasy closet , home , find recipes and have a few laughs !
Sometimes the updates create issues , but for the most part I love this app ,
I just love pintest , it is a great past time and the idea s I get are wonderful ! ! ! ! !
For something I like so much and obviously a ton of ppl do , you really need to fix that issue regarding the Apple iPhones and iPads .
Please put them back so I can look at all the wedding stuff ! ! ! !
You will be on it everyday !
I haven t had any major problems .
Just love it .
However , the navigation bar on the bottom needs to be moved or adjusted .
So many ideas , I don t think I ll have enough time to try them all .
Pinterest is Amazing ... and that s all you need to know .
But I also think there should be a place for just party ideas .
I don t even need to use the computer !
The new update made it less not_appealing not_because you can t access the categories anymore .
They added the `` popular '' category !
I have made some delicious dishes from the recipes on here .
It crashes every once in a while but I m willing to overlook it since I use Pinterest many times a day !
Please fix this major problem ! !
And then I figured out how to sort out who I followed and , like magic , a world of fun sewing projects , beautiful handmade hair bows for my gorgeous daughter , and oodles of recipes began to appear !
Now , the sewing projects are my favorite as I m trying to eat healthier and most of the recipes are ooey , gooey chocolatey artery cloggers , but there are some really good , healthy meal ideas as well .
I only gave it four stars because the app crashes every 15 20 minutes and I lose what I was looking for , I didn t like who they chose for me to follow , and I don t like how after you ve looked at a pin and return to `` Explore '' it rearranges everything .
So you see two pins that you d like to check out but can only click one , you have to go on a wild search for the one that got away .
It never not_crashes !
Awesome app lots of fun how to s wonderful easy recipes ,
If you don t have one already you must be living in a cave somewhere as a hermit .
Sometimes , as others have said , it crashed unexpectedly so , that is a downfall .
What your a guy and don t think you need this app .
Ebwoods82 , they have info on things I didn t even know I wanted to know about !
I have gotten so many great decorating , do it yourself , and recipe ideas , it is unreal .
Please put them back !
I love this app , but it crashes every 10 minutes or so while browsing .
After I look through pins for 5 minutes , then it just crash .
Love this app , I m addicted to Pinterest but it crashes All the Time ,
But I will have to say it does sometimes crash when I want to pin something or try to save a photo it won t actually save it .
Everything is good except the app crashes constantly and you lose what you were looking at .
It s very easy to use and I love that I can be anywhere and just open up my Pinterest and start pinning .
I do wish that there was a way to fix certain things like sometimes a link to a blog from a pin is no longer not_available .
It needs to be edited .
We need to be able to flag that stuff better as inappropriate ,
I have a lot already but I am planning more and this has given me so many ideas .
And some recipes you need some common sense to know if its practical or not .
I do refer to it when i need ideas for a specific topic and pinterest never not_fails me .
Only thing I had issues with at first was figuring out how to get the menu icons to pop up at the bottom of the screen and the title of the page and directional arrow to appear at the top .
It d be nice to either have easier access to the different options of pages , or just throw in a pop up tip at the start up of the app when you first download it , telling you how to get the menu to pop up .
I love this app but it needs a scroll to top button !
I always find whatever I need .
I do have issues with the app closing in the middle of fetching pins .
Occasionally crashes , but I am sure they will fix it .
The only problem I have are the people that want to add viruses and such to the websites and pictures that are posted .
There are so many awesome ideas .
I am also having the two category problem since the update .
Please fix this !
Great to have it one my phone but I do get angry when it crashed out of no where .
It is constantly crashing .
\\nI hate that it crashes in the middle of looking at things .
\\nI also think that if a pin has been reported as spam , it needs to be removed instead of keeping it on the board .
My only complaint is I wish my boards could be alphabetized .
Please FIX it Soon .
Constantly crashes .
Doesn t load as much anymore since the new update and only shows a few pins when the pins are actually available .
Just what I need to get my creative juices flowing !
I wish the app would let me create pins as I browse on my device .
Example I create a food board but now I want to take all the yummy bread recipes and put them into its own board .
Good way to organize ur pins and keep up with recipes , home , DIY styles , etc . \\nDownsides : crashes sometimes when I m in the middle of pinning something and then I loose it .
This app is now smooth as butter , loads quickly and never not_crashes .
BUT , the only reason I m giving it 4 and not not_5 not_stars is that ever once in a while it still crashes in the middle of pinning things .
Love this app but lately it does tend to crash a little too often .
It has fun things to do and make like s more dip !
The only thing I wish you could do is change your board cover photos , but you can t on a mobile device yet .
Awesome , everyone should have it : ) ,
The app is good when you find a recipe and you need to pull it up for ingredients .
Locks up occasionally and crashes ,
\\nIt s the new flip magazine \\nI have created so many new things from Pintrest and get to share them with others ! ! !
The only thing is that I can t figure out how to pin things that aren t already pinned ( as in directly from a website ) like I do on my computer .
I see that others complain that this site crashes on their phone .
I have an IPhone5 and it never not_ever not_crashes .
What could be better ?
Please fix the crashing !
Right in the middle of browsing the app will crash .
Has that already been addressed or is there something in the works ?
Use it just about every day !
The only thing I hate it crashes a lot especially in the middle of pinning .
Love it but I agree it crashes a lot .
I just got this app yesterday .
It never not_crashed .
I think I will have to be careful on the app because it is so easy to use , it may not not_fit in my not_budget !
Pinterest is awesome but this app crashes frequently .
I just hate how it seems to crash right in the middle of pinning something !
My only problem is how hard it is to edit your boards .
It crashes constantly !
Two areas where I feel the app could improve would be to add a favorites drop down for external links which would support viral product purchasing .
I can t last more than 10 minutes on the app without it not_doing not_so .
Please fix this .
I see others have the same exact problem .
Wish I knew how to import pictures from other sites instead of relying on my 3 favorite pinners .
Great app but you should work on the crashing issues ,
Great App , I have not not_had not_any problems with it .
Both have never not_failed on me .
Just love all the beautiful and wonderful ideas presented so succinctly thanks so much ,
Especially if i need the list of ingrediants for a food pin .
I recommend it to anyone with an account .
The best most addicting web site for everything you were ever looking to know ,
For me pinterest has never not_crashed not_either .
Missing a few features from the desktop app ... it s annoying that I can t tag someone in a pin , so I have to Like something , then go to the desktop app and reshare it .
I was reluctant to download but my friend insisted and now I can t stop pinning !
Sometimes it crashes , but most of the time it works really well .
This app never not_crashes and not_always works at its best !
You know how to use it very quickly and very fast to use .
You can edit , delete pins , move from one board to another , is fast & amp ; efficient too .
You can even create new boards !
I don t think there is possibly anything they can add further except making it available across more platforms !
Pinterest is great but the app crashes and 50 repins approximately .
It would be nice if you could take a board and make it private without not_having to not_re create it and move everything over .
The reason for only giving four stars is because it will randomly crash sometimes ( usually if you ve been using it for a while ) .
But it crashes SO much lately , I can barely click on any of the links !
The newest update made it a messy terrible app .
Fix this update , please ,
Makes it easy for me to refer back to something I like when in out and about and need supplies but forgot my list .
What happened ?
This was a decent app ( didn t crash much , easy to use ) before the latest update .
When something actually does load and I tap on it , the app crashes .
Only problem is with the latest update the people repin counter on the notifications counts an extra person .
This app is amazing , yes I agree I hate the crashing , but it s convenient when multitasking and looking for ideas of what to wear , what to cook , how to organize , cleaning schedules , and so much more ! ! !
I love Pinterest , but it crashes on my iPad constantly .
It never not_crashes on my not_phone , though .
Why are there no more not_categories not_?
I love it , I just wish that when you followed a link to a site and wanted to pin something else from that site you could so so within the app rather than using a work around .
\\nI love the app but it crashes all the time since the last update .
The only thing that needs to be fixed is that sometimes the app will close on its own and causes me to loose my pins .
This app crashes all the freaking time .
This app is super entertaining ; I m honestly on it everday at night when I can t sleep !
I haven t had any issues with this app since I ve installed it .
I love Pintrest , but sometimes the app crashes and it s really annoying when it happens .
I have one problem though , this last update totally messed up my app , it only shows two categories , I can t see any of the undid y all ones like decor and wedding or fashion all that jazz , it s really irritating how do I see those again ? !
But on my iPhone there are only 2 categories ?
Good but crashes a lot ,
It has crashed a few times , but it s a rare occurrence .
I love Pinterest and im on it almost everyday but I kinda wish it would tell me what ive already repinned and like besides that great ,
For the past couple of weeks , every time I open the app it says I have a login error and need to try again .
Haven t had any issues with it except when I use it on my iPad .
When using my iPad it crashes like crazy .
My only problem is that some of my own pins didn t upload right from my phone .
I had pictures I wanted to pin and it made the pin but the picture is not not_there , even not_when I tried to remake it .
If this was fixed , I can t think of anyway to make this app better .
I just don t like how easily it crashes .
The only thing I need is more time for these great ideas !
I love it and have made lots of things from others great ideas !
Only one suggestion : if there was a `` recipe button '' that I could use to keep my phone or tablet from going to sleep while cooking a recipe or doing a craft I saw it would be the best app ever made .
Sometimes I can t even log in because the connection also times out A LOT !
Wish it worked better on my iPad , often crashes when opening pins .
Who needs magazines .
I just pin it ,
Contrary to many of the reviews I ve read , my app VERY rarely not_crashes .
I love Pinterest and have had no not_problems not_using this app .
Very entertaining and never not_crashes !
Love this app but the constant crashing needs to be addressed !
But the app constantly crashes on my iPad .
Wish they would tell you when you have pinned something twice though .
I love pint rust but they really need to fix the system crashes .
Once you pin you can t stop !
Now you have to open pic to pin .
Please give that option back .
Please fix the crashes ! ! ! !
A previous update caused it to not not_work at not_all , but it appears to be 98 % functional now .
I recommend checking it out !
What happened ?
Sometimes it crashes which can get very annoying !
I just wish you could delete people off of your `` news feed '' like thing .
Don t need to be seeing stupid designer clothes from people I am not even not_following .
Does sometimes crash but i love all the new innovative ideas .
Just wish they made an iPad app that had the same functionality as a regular computer gets .
\\n\\nI also wish you could flip to the next picture versus backing out .
I don t know if its just me but this glitch needs to be fixed ,
The app tends to crash everytime I want to look at something but other than that , it is a good app .
So I m stuck somewhere in the app , it says no not_news not_items are currently available , I can t even get out of it .
I try pushing the Pinterest sign but it doesn t work .
I haven t had problems with it crashing so far , but it slows down at `` peak hours '' when everyone else is on .
I love Pinterest but this app has been crashing a lot lately and it s getting frustrating .
If this issue could be fixed it would be a 5 star app without not_question .
I m addicted to Pinterest , but I hate when the app crashes .
Keeps crashing on my iPhone 4S and every time I create a new board a spam board appears in its space and it won t let me load my own photos for boards ,
The app crashes if you use it A LOT ( which I do ) and while slightly irritating , it usually doesn t do it when I am in the middle of something , it is usually when I am mindlessly scrolling and should be sleeping , haha !
I love this app but it freezes and crashes all the time and I just close it and give up .
As addictive as Pinterest can be , it s incredibly frustrating to have it crash and/or lock .
I recommend it ! !
I give 4 stars only because it occasionally has small issues with the app and has been allowing more and more risqu ?
I wish there was a book called `` Pinterest for Dummies '' , not not_sure not_why there are so many pins that are repeats , why its so hard to figure out how to find something .
Has crashed here and there , but super simple to use .
I love pinterest and am addicted but this app has serious performance issues .
Always freezes and can t access .
I love this app it s so addictive , just need a free app for the iPad ,
In the iPad you have to open the pin to repin or like .
This app is amazing I never have not_problems and not_I just love it I am on it 24 hours 7 days a week in love with it ,
Ppl post so many unique and interesting things .
Duellie , I haven t had any issues with crashing on the phone app , but it does happen frequently with the iPad version .
I can t stop pinning !
Great idea and lots of fun but it crashes often ! ! !
I have become a Pintrest addict , but I am not not_happy with not_how often the app crashes .
Rare that it crashes .
This app is a great idea .
I go on it all the time but it occasionally crashes and it gets annoying but I updated the app since and the crashing is not not_nearly as not_frequent as it used to be .
It occasionally has issues and kicks me off the app while I m trying to pin something .
Love it doesn t crash on me I use it all the time and gives great ideas so I don t get why it crashes on some people ?
Love most of the pins , but people do NOT post your nakedness !
Stop crashing and actually save photos to my camera roll ,
App crashes every once in awhile but otherwise works very nicely .
I love how easy to use the app is , but it crashes sometimes and it can take a bit for some of the pins to load .
Unfortunately it crashes more than any other app I have !
It is so neat to have everything you every wanted to know , see or hear in one unique place .
I can t stop talking about it .
It s a nice app to look at when you need ideas on something or just bored .
I think it is a spectacular app n if u like anything that has to do with life to download it ,
I love it but it crashes !
the app constantly crashes .
it crashes after 7 minutes , reopen and then crashes again .
you lose what you were looking at or about to pin .
Just love this app : ) ,
I wish I could add new pins and edit from my phone but still great !
What did I do before Pinterest ? ?
Please add a notifications in the `` events '' for whenever someone comments on one of your pins please .
I wish that you could do a search through one s own pins to find a particular one .
This app crashes all the time .
The idea is so simple !
Doesn t crash but I wish I could pin when I m on the Internet on my iPhone ,
Occasional crashes ,
I also love this app , Pinterest provides a daily dose of eye candy .
However it crashes frequently .
The only problem is that it uses a lot of data !
I have planned my entire wedding with ideas from Pinterest .
Have not not_made the not_same thing for dinner once since Christmas !
I have lost weight , eat better , and made super fun crafts .
You have to be careful because it s addicting .
App tends to crash a lot , which is a pain in the butt .
This is the reason I can t sleep at night !
However it seems to crash a lot !
Works great , although it crash a bit to much for my liking .
I recommend it !
You have to be careful not to not_click on not_pop ups cause one was a porn site .
The whole Pinterest idea is excellent .
Love this App , great for ideas for crafting , home decor , clothes , etc . the App does crash a LOT which is extremely frustrating .
Was there life before Pinterest ?
There are a few bugs that I would like to see worked out , but it works greAt , I use it quite frequently !
Annoying when you go to a pin and it leads you to a site that s no longer not_available .
Would of rated 5 stars if you could create a pin from your smartphone .
It crashes all the time and before I can scroll to where I was it crashes again !
This app needs WAY more stars ,
This app is perfect for when I need to look up a quick recipe .
They have made some really good improvements !
I recommend it highly !
Awesome but occasionally crashes .
Make sure you have plenty of time to spend on here .
\\nworks well most of the time\\ni wish you could edit more in the app ,
\\n\\n UPDATE \\nI dropped my rating from 5 to 3 stars because the categories got taken away after I last updated my iPad .
Never crashes and amazing layout ,
Great content and lots of fun , but the folks at Pinterest are aware that their app crashes constantly , but they don t care .
I haven t had any problems but after reading the other reviews I ll think twice before updating .
It does crash every once in awhile but not not_frequently and not_I usually just open it right back up & amp ; start where u left off .
I have a problem limiting the amount of time I spend on Pinterest !
Just had a surgery on my foot and Pinterest has given me hours of relaxation building my boards .
I wish there was a way to see what website it was gon na take you to first .
Love the app but it crashes frequently ,
Works just like the actual site , love it .
Seriously , how did I survive before Pinterest ! ?
The only two available categories are popular and everything .
Never crashes , easy way to pass time and find awesome ideas .
Someone please help me .
Highly recommend it if you love using Pinterest !
It does have problems pinning sometimes .
Right now this is only available through email and I want to be able to see everything in the app !
Jen2134 , I really like this app , but it crashes all the time .
I haven t had any problems with it like others have .
Shuts down on me sometimes and fails to load quickly .
Love it ... so many great ideas for my classroom and life : ) the only thing I don t like is that it crashes pretty often ,
Fun app but tends to crash ,
Does crash a good deal .
Unlike others , I ve had no not_issues with it not_crashing .
But not the not_crashing that not_happens almost all the time .
I love Pinterest and really like having it at my fingertips but they really need an `` add from iPad photos '' feature .
I love pintrest , it has everything you need and more .
I would like to see an option to sort the boards alphabetically .
It has a problem logging me in every time I open it , and it shuts down while I browse without not_notice , not_making me lose any pages I d found .
But it does crash an awful lot .
I lovvve pinterest it s so addicting me and my friends love it but if you use the app too long it crashes but it s pretty good ,
Haven t run an update and so I haven t had any problems with crashing !
This app is great for getting ideas for wedding or whatever kind of event you want to go to , But I find myself in dead ends and can t figure out how to get out of it and have to restart my iPod or exit the app through TaskManager in order to get back to the beginning .
BrookieFart , It always crashes .
You have to download this app it is so worth it of course it s free so that s even better ,
The one thing I don t like is not not_being not_able to go to websites Pinterest .
Does tend to crash a lot but gets better with every update : ) ,
Every thing crashes here , but so far not not_Jamie .
I absolutely love Pinterest but the app crashes on me daily .
I just updated this app over the weekend and now there are only 2 categories .
Please bring all the categories back !
Although it crashes every now and then it is a great addition to the regular site .
It crashes too much on my iPhone , but it is a great Pinterest viewer to show people my pins .
But it could have so much more functionality to be really useful .
I really wish you could arrange your pins into sub categories within a board .
I also wish you could add formatted notes ( with indentation or bullets ) to individual pins .
I wish you could search only your own pins .
For instance , if someone else has already created a board that I need , then let me just show their board with all of mine in my board profile .
How about those ideas ?
I don t like how you have to scroll up to go back .
, I love it and always recommend it to my friends ,
However , at first , it never not_crashed .
Now it crashes often !
Only problem is how highly addictive it is !
My app crashes every time I use it .
Only complaint is the crashing when I m pinning .
Please put the other categories back !
This app gives lots of ideas for different events and just inspires .
I have never not_had a not_problem with it crashing .
The one thing I don t like is that I can t know exactly how many pins I have in each board and I can t change cover pictures .
First world problems , right ?
I love having an app but I hate how often it crashes .
If I m reading something or even pinning something and it crashes it s gone .
I just hate all the crashing !
Only problem is that it occasionally shuts you out but getting right back on is no not_problem .
Love the app but it crashes too often to be a full 5 stars .
After clicking on a post and then returning to the main thread , the app often jumps up the page and you have to scroll down thru many posts to return to the point you were at !
My only issue is that the app sometimes completely crashes or just stops loading .
I wish you could put your picture as an avi somewhere .
I have not not_had a not_problem with it even with the updates .
If you don t have it you need it !
Love the concept of the ap and use it all the time on my iPhone , but it crashes so often that its rather irritating !
Calli8116 , While I adore Pinterest , I m tired of it constantly crashing , especially when I just went to pin a post .
Super entertaining , love it , but still crashes .
Best app ever except it crashes a lot .
farmland4ever , Why is there no not_add not_pin function ?
: ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) There are so many ideas ! ! !
\\nIt would be nice if the emails of who pinned what would be on a weekly basis ( not not_every not_day ) and show the actual Pin that s being re pinned .
This is s great place to get ideas but it crashes often .
It s all right here .
Just love the History and Humor ! ! !
The only problem I had with the update was that the usage on my IPad for The Pinterest app went over 450 MB and was climbing each time I pinned .
Why are there only two sections ?
I plan everything with it !
Gives you tons of stuff to look at and great for ideas wen you re running out of them .
\\nThe only problem is that I have to double click to email .
I love Pintrest and the app is convenient , the only down side is that the app crashes alot and it s really frustrating ,
Good concept but still a lot of bugs and app crashes .
People always want to know where I get them from , and I tell them it s a sercert but it s from this site every time .
Other than that I have no not_problems with the not_app .
when in doubt , i just open pinterest .
Thank you , who ever you are , that created this wonderful site .
I just love the app .
\\n & amp ; & amp ; i feel you can organize my pictures/pins better than tumblr !
It also comes in really handy when I need to pick up supplies for a project or put together an outfit at the store inspired by a look on here .
I wish you could arrange pins on the phone app easier , but still love it ,
It s such a nice way to find out things you never not_knew and not_learn how to do things !
Where are the categories ?
Love Pinterest & amp ; this app however , it crashes on me at least once with every use .
A feature should be made so that certain followers of your selection can see your secret board .
The only problem is that every once in a while the app will crash and shut itself down .
You can see people s interests and learn new tips or how to do a fun DIY craft .
I definitely recommend pinterest to everyone !
I need pinterest rehab .
I recommend that anyone including men create an account ,
But one function I could really use is the ability to search within my boards !
Please please add this function !
I like to post SU cards and post others cards to my boards .
I recommend Pinterest to everyone ! !
They have really improved the bugs and crashing .
Since I got my iPhone 5 I haven t had any problems .
The previous bugs have been fixed and I am worry free when I open the app !
If only the multiple or repetitive pics could be removed then I would give a five star review .
however the only downside is it takes forever to scroll down and I hate it when the pin crashes ; ( other than that pinterest it my greatest app ! !
It provides a great way to circulate new ideas as well as bringing back older ones .
Great app , but it crashes a lot .
Now all features are available , it s faster , and just as entertaining as my laptop from the convenience of my iPhone .
Minimal crashes .
Why can we only do this when using a desktop or laptop computer ?
I recommend this for anyone who needs ideas on anything !
So many ideas on it and I ve only failed at attempting a few of them but really a perfect website !
When I first installed the app for Pinterest everything worked wonderfully , then it got slower , loosing images , and if a download was available , after I tried to install it it will shot down .
App works great , all the features on site are available for the mobile version as well .
Only thing is it tends to act up a lot , crashes or gives me error messages at least once a day .
Live Pinterest , sometimes the app has locked up and crashed .
\\n\\nBoards would always be organized alphabetically by default and then could be organized by user .
\\n\\nSearches could be done within categories and within user pins/boards .
Once you get the hang of how to use Pinterest , it is an awesome app to have !
I need a pin on how to stop pinning .
There are such wonderful ideas out there !
Only gave it four stars because it does crash often and it always seems like it is right in the middle of pinning something and then you can t find the same item when you get it back up and running .
Who needs Facebook !
I ll never not_stop not_using it as it gives me ideas I need often !
What a great idea this was .
The only problem is that I spend too much time pinning !
This app has made mountains of progress since it first came out .
It just enables my Pinterest addiction .
Lol wouldn t y all like to know : ) ,
Love being able to see places I ve never not_seen not_before , get new ideas , and find information I need in an instant !
New updates added all the time !
I like this app , however there are a few issues with it .
Please fix these issues .
I have had no not_problems not_which have been referenced by other users .
Of course , seeing the pictures , makes it far better than just doing the same on google .
I would love the app except that it always crashes while I m in the middle of some really nifty pin .
It doesn t ever crash and I get the best ideas from it ! !
Sometimes crashes .
Only prob I m hvng is the crashing .
Only problem is it crashes to often .
My only complaint is the issue of the app crashing .
Please fix this and it will be perfect !
Just needs bug fix .
I love how easy it is to post my own pictures with the app !
Very convenient and if you try going to a site that has a virus and don t know it , it won t hurt your phone !
Best site ever made ! !
The app crashes a lot .
I have no not_negative not_issues with this app .
I have had no not_issues with not_this app and in some ways enjoy using it more on my phone than my laptop !
Other then some very mild crashing I love it , but it is quite annoying to have it crash while on a good pin .
We are planning to build a home and I have been pinning awesome ideas for each room , colors , design , layout , even house plans .
I WISH THAT There was a way to easily move things around .
ALSO how do you get a Pin it button on your iPad ?
I have one on my desk computer , but not not_sure not_how to do it on iPad .
No need to write down anything .
Please stop the crashes .
It crashes all the time and it always seems to crash just as I m about to pin something .
However , I wish there was a way to easily move multiple pins from one board to another and to search your boards .
I ve spent hours reorganizing boards and moving pins from large boards to more specialized board because there is no not_easy not_way to move pins on the app or the site .
I think it crashed once or twice but it s not not_annoying at not_all .
\\nIt goes something like that , right ?
You can t pin to it from your phone , though .
The problems I run into include : \\nIt crashes after about 30 min fairly regularly \\nThere are a lot of pictures that take you to spam sites and each time a picture is pinned , it doesn t keep track of those sites\\nOther then that it s a fun app !
I use this EVERYDAY and I still find something new , It would be nice if they would put all new pins on top .
However , it crashes quite a bit since a few updates ago .
You have to try it !
I love pintrest it has helped me to plan my wedding and anniversary parties , gives me ideas for cute crafts and outfits !
Words just can t describe how much I love pintrest I am on it 24 7 ,
Can t wait to post my own pics .
But after the app has been running for a while it will freeze and I have to restart my phone if I want to use pinterest at anytime the rest of the day .
It will almost always eventually freeze however , and you have to restart your phone each time to fix it .
Won t replace a computer for pinning , but good for just browsing pins .
However it crashes regularly .
It is highly addictive I love having access right on my phone if I m really bored and need ideas for inspiration .
Just wish it wouldn t drop me !
Really wish certain features of the website were available on the app , like giving friends access to boards and seeing who has commented or repinned in one place !
This feature is only available on browser right now .
That being said , it could use more balance between men & amp ; women s interests .
Laurie3935 , I just wish there was a way to stop duplicate pins to your boards !
It s a good app but crashes more and more .
Also , if it would allow you to save the images to my iPad , that d be awesome .
I just need to fill in the groom s name .
I can t even open something to read more , if I want more info I have to go to the original web site and hope for the best .
I rarely have not_problems with not_Pinterest .
I d say my main problem is that it sometimes pins my stuff multiple times , but that s not a not_big not_problem .
This app rules it crashes occasionally but given the volume of traffic and data they deal with ( from me alone ! )
Is there a 12 step group out there for this ?
The app crashes ALL THE TIME .
I can t be on for more that 15 or 20 minutes at a time because it just spontaneously crashes .
I m only very concerned about privacy ... .we should have the ability to block people and accept people who want to follow .
I just wish there wasn t a limit and wish you could make current boards secret more flexibility would better ! !
If either of those could be fixed that would be great !
I learned how to cook and now LOVE to cook .
\\n\\nThe annoying thing about this app and the only reason why I m giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is that it crashes/force closes on me constantly , always deleting what I was editing or making me loose what I was about to pin .
I can t deal with the flipping crashing all the time .
I seriously have had it crash 3 times in the last 10 minutes .
I recommend everyone to get this app ! !
Just needs a few more tweaks as it can be tough to find others when searching but keep up the good work Pinterest Peeps !
What more do I need ?
sLover , Only thing wrong with this app is the crashing !
I appreciate that I can find and save ideas , keep track of places I ve been and want to visit , save info for the future , and just have fun .
\\n\\nBut the fact that it constantly crashes is driving me crazy !
The problem is , it always seems to happen when I ve found something good and I can never not_seem to not_find it again .
No complaints other than I think I need Pinterest anonymous .
It s really stable and rarely not_fails .
Love this app tho it definitely can use some tweaks to it .
I don t know how to move a pin if I put it on the wrong board , that would be nice .
You are not not_able to not_tag your friends in comments/titles .
It seems to crash every now & amp ; then after an update ,
The only thing that drives me mad is that it crashes a lot ... needs fixing !
A go to when I can t sleep at night .
It is easy to use , and I definitely recommend this app to everyone who is ready to be addicted .
It crashes from time to time but overall the whole concept is awesome ! ! !
I can t stop ! ! !
Haven t had any trouble with it crashing lately like other reviewers .
I m in love with Pinterest , but the app crashes from time to time .
I haven t had any problems with it !
There is one little problem with it though , when every you on there for a while it will kick you off so you would have to re open it .
Wish pins could be removed if blog no longer not_exist .
App does what you expect ,
I have made a lot of the DIY and some good recipes .
\\nJust wish you could search items on your own boards with a personal search bar maybe ,
Once you try it you will love it as much as us addicts do ! ! ! ! ?
Love Pinterest as a site , but the App can use more work .
I constantly have problems with saving images to my photo library and also frequent crashes and freezing .
\\n\\nWhen emailing a link , wish it would state what the photo is called on the subject line instead of a link from Pinterest because a few friends just deleted the email .
Also noticed now when sharing something , you can t just click on the link anymore , wish that would be fixed !
The only reason why I rated it 4 stars is that it crashes on me if I m on it for a while .
Only problem is app crashes often .
Just updated the app for iPad and now I can t browse through categories .
I seriously need a Pinterest support group !
Why is this crashing soo much since last update ... .please fix ! ! ! !
It crashes a few times but after my 3rd update it stopped : ) ,
And like everyone else I wish they could just tell you if you ve pinned something already .
Hate the app when it constantly crashes .
Please change it back .
Love this app , COMPLETELY addicting would have given it 5 stars but with the updates it crashed a lot ! !
I have made some wonderful recipes and great crafts .
Every girl should have this app !
But it s been crashing lately so it just needs an update to fix that ,
I love the ap but it does crash and has bugs .
It still crashes sometimes but I love Pinterest so much that the occasional crash is over looked it quickly fixes its self .
App works great , never not_gives me not_problems .
It has been crashing more lately which is annoying , but overall it s good .
Every girl should have it : ) ,
I don t have any problems with freezing up or crashing !
I completely recommend this app !
Well I think this ap is amazin but I think they should have more pins for Dylan efron I mean come on give me more and then it will be perfect ,
You can keep them organized , and share them with friends , I love wasting time on Pinterest .
So many great ideas is just the best thing ever ; ) ,
Still using the app with a first generation iPad and the app crashed a lot , but I m too addicted to quit it !
I like this app but it crashes when I am in the middle of pinning something .
The app crashes soooo much !
I kind if wish you could rearrange or edit your boards though from the noble app .
Useful , but crashes often .
the app however crashes on a disturbingly regular schedule , it also force closes at the worst possible time and you loose pins and things you actually find interesting .
Keeps me busy when I need time to go by and gives me ideas when I m stuck in a stump .
But the CRASHES .
I completely recommend it .
Never had a problem with it : ) ,
I love Pinterest and I am so glad they have an app because I am on 24/7 but it crashes sometimes and it seems like it does at the coolest pins I find and sometime it comes up and says I have to log in but other then that I love this app !
I don t have problems with crashes .
App crashes when I am trying to pin or randomly .
I love it it never not_crashes and not_almost anything is on it ,
It crashed sometimes but not not_hardly not_ever and shows awesome places or ideas that one doesn t normally think of ,
I just love it !
Great website but app could use a little work .
I gave 4 stars because I wish you could tag friends and switch boards of your pins on the app like you can on the computer !
I have no not_problems with it at not_all .
Great app , works well , easy to navigate , but crashes a lot and sometimes won t link out to the original source .
I m not not_really into not_social media so this app provides a little social media without it not_being not_too much !
Also , there are certain things you can do from the computer that you can t do from the phone app which is annoying .
It is addicting , but the mobile app has some bugs .
Please fix this !
With this last update those are all gone and now you have to search , I HATE that !
Dmbgoddess13 , Crashes a lot but great otherwise .
So fun you must download it ! !
this app crashes way to much ! & gt ;
The only problem I have is that sometimes when I go to repin something none of my boards show up .
It has only one problem currently and that is it shuts down on me randomly if you can fix it it will be the best app I have .
My only criticism is that sometimes you can t bring up all of your pins in any particular board at once .
loves this app which pretty much means I have to love this app too since she s always sharing and telling me about her post ,
I just love Pinterest ! ! !
I haven t had much problem with this app and I love Pinterest !
Any question you need answer about an idea Pinterest has !
I love that you can pin your own pics an ideas !
Do wish there was a way to transfer to another app to make a mini book of a board , like recipes .
What did I do before Pinterest ?
I wish there was a filter that would allow me to avoid that sort of gutter verbiage .
How did I live without not_Pinterest not_?
The app is fine sometimes there are bugs but overall it s great ,
Easy to use , but I wish you could create private boards on the Iphone .
I get random errors almost constantly .
Often they way there is a problem , even though there is never a not_problem .
Now when you say , I saw on Pinterest you can show it right then .
Love the app but it crashes a lot ,
I use it a LOT , and it s only crashed on me once .
Pinny made my top four icons on my iPhone .
The only problem is random crashing , that gets annoying .
Its all the best magazine ideas , blog spots and how to dos mixed in with arts and entertainment .
I need no not_other not_app in my life !
I have not not_had not_any problems with the app since installing it and have enjoyed plenty of time using it .
It rarely not_crashes on my not_iPhone 4 ,
This app is awesome , it works great and I never have not_any not_problems !
its my fave app but it happens to crash like every 10 min im on it , but i love it ,
Sometimes crashes but overall it s a wonderful app .
I use it to learn how to do things for my home , my hair , how to do my makeup , things that I want .
Not to mention I ve already planned my wedding for each season .
Works fine but crashes periodically .
However for no not_reason at not_all the site just drops and you have to start all over ,
Newest update crashes often .
I haven t had the crashing problem that others are experiencing knock on wood .
I am even planning my Quinceanera on Pinterest !
I love all the great idead thr website and app have to offer I just wish the app didnt crash on me right as I m pinning something !
It s fairly annoying that I can t access certain settings on the app that are available on the website .
If they are available I have absolutely no not_clue not_how to find them , i.e . inviting friends to secret boards , email notifications , etc .
I love it its my new addiction ( : i just wish it didn t close by its self sometimes but all in all i love it !
Free so , why rate poorly ?
I love that you can just hop on and take a quick peek !
But it crashes so often it s hard to use it .
I love Pinterest but it crashes way too much especially when I m in the middle of reading something .
Haven t had a problem yet !
You can find things they like as gifts easily , recipes they think look good ( surprise romantic dinners ) or even make a secret board just for them .
Please fix this !
Oh , I need to move some pins around .
I love that they ve added an edit button , in case you post on the wrong board or want to delete what a previous pinner said after you ve pinned something .
I love this app , but it crashes constantly !
I never not_ever have not_any issues with it .
It never not_crashes .
I highly recommend it .
Love Pinterest , and I used to love this app , but what happened to the categories ?
Before the most recent review I had no not_problems with the not_Pinterest app in fact I loved it .
I don t like how I can t look in a specific category to make using the app easier .
Please fix this .
I had the problem with the 2 categories after the update !
I love Pinterest but for some reason it always crashes when I go to look at pins closer or try to repin things .
It crashes all the time .
Please fix it !
Keeps crashing today : ( ,
It crashes every minute or so .
I just got this app yesterday and I love it but it keeps crashing and now it won t even open .
What happened to the categories ?
when I most need to look at a recipe I have saved I get this error !
I don t think that we should have to reinstall to fix it ; it should fix itself .
Why are there only 2 categories now ?
I just love Pinterest .
Current update crashes frequently .
On top of that the app crashes .
Please fix it !
They need to fix this ASAP or I m deleting my account .
Love the app , I lost some of the categories when I upgraded like a lot of people , but you just have to uninstall and reinstall the app and all the categories are there !
What happened to the categories ! ? ! ?
Plus it either crashes or takes a very long time to open .
Please repair I need my Pinterest fix ! !
What happened to the categories ?
it always crashes ( and with my luck , it s always when I m having one of those pinterest picture climaxes ) .
Just fix the crashing and add back ALL the old categories , and this would most definitely have a 5 star review .
I LOVE Pinterest but with the update I can t even log in !
Please fix ASAP !
If I wasn t such a Pinterest a holic I would have been deleted this app for every time it exits out and crashes ,
Got all categories back but uninstalling and reinstalling but it still crashes .
I love this app and use it on a daily basis but ever since I updated it last week it will randomly crash an close the page and I lose my place !
Please fix this it s very aggravating and I d like to use it again without not_worrying it not_will close again !
What happened ? ! ? ! ?
Everything was fine before , now it keeps crashing and categories need to come back .
Downloaded the app to my iPad and tried to creat a login ... got an error right away .
Please fix this !
\\nHowever , I hate the new download you can t look by category anymore .
The most annoying is the constant crashing in the iPad version .
It would be better if the developers did more testing before adding extras to the App .
please fix this .
When I realized this is what happened I have yet to update it on my other apple products .
They need to change it back ASAP !
Pinterest has always had issues ; crashing , not not_being not_able to leave a comment , not not_being not_able to repin , post , etc . who ever is responsible for removing all of the categories , is a MORON , and is in need of a performance evaluation .
I haven t had any issues with the app , I d just like to see more updates on the app ( as well as when accessing on a computer ) that the boards are alphabetized and also a search option to search within a specific board and/or all of your own boards .
Please restore all the categories .
the only bad part of this app is that every once in a while , it will just up and close down on me .
Please fix this it s seriously annoying !
Where are the categories ? ?
Not sure what happened to cause this , but I was also having problems with only two of the categories showing up .
Please fix this issue !
And it crashes ALL .
Please put the categories back .
Terrible update , there are only 2 categories available on the app so now I can t even use it on my phone .
but right now it crashes too much to enjoy .
What happened to them ?
Now it s 5 stars because you guys added the option to edit pins .
Also the site is not not_easy to not_navigate , had to look up directions and I still can t upload pics from my iPhone .
Every fifteen minutes or so it crashes .
It crashes , however , with great regularity pretty much every time I use it .
It would be nice to get a notification when you are pinning a pin you already have but that is the only negative thing I could say about Pinterest !
I used to love this app and now I just want to delete it , please fix this before you lose all your users !
Why did they feel the need to do that ?
Does not not_save not_pictures to camera roll and it crashes all the time !
123qwerty987 , Ever since I upgraded my iPad to the new iOs I can t pin with this app .
I also hate that you can t forward a pin to your messages , only save the image , forward to email , etc .
In order to get from the pin to the website to be able to send to messages you have to go through too much work : go to pin & gt ; click pin picture to go to website & gt ; click open in safari & gt ; then wait for the page to load to send to messages .
the behind the scenes infrastructure needs some serious attention .
What happened to the categories ?
Ever since the last update I can t browse different categories , just popular and everything ... not not_helpful for me .
I have been using this since the app debuted and I have yet to get through more than ten minutes ( and that s being extremely generous , it s usually more like three minutes ) before the app crashes .
I ve tried uninstalling and reinstalling , closing the app down and restarting , updating ... nothing seems to fix this and I have heard it repeated by other people about the iPad app specifically .
It has been a problem for way too long .
I m only giving it 4 stars cause it still crashes a lot tho =\\\\ Other than that , I love , love , loooove this app !
I just updated the App today and it keeps crashing .
Please fix these bugs Pinterest !
I updated an now I no longer have not_categories ! !
But it needs to have push notifications for when somebody repins your pins , likes your pins , and somebody wants to follow you .
This app needs a `` clear cache '' option .
Since update it will post one pin multiple times .
States authentications fail like 12 times\\n\\nI find it so poor even if having lots of people on site .
When it fails to open and then won t take old password\\n\\nReally another pass word .
The app crashes on me many times .
And the categories restarts all over again every time I turn the app back on or after it crashes and restart .
Please fix that .
Y all made a big mistake getting rid of them !
This app is very ADDICTING but it crashes after a while but other then that love it ! !
Then I updated it and now since it doesn t have categories I never not_use it .
That did not not_work .
I have also shut off my iPad multiple times in between so that is not the not_problem not_either .
All you have to do is delete app and reinstall .
It crashes too often !
Please bring back all of the categories boards .
My app crashes every 3 minutes !
For those who only have `` popular '' and `` everything '' , delete and reinstall and you should have your categories back .
Please re do this latest update !
Since the update , I get mostly errors when re pinning .
Also have many failed attempts when trying to upload pics for my own pins .
Please fix this .
I am addicted to Pinterest but this app always crashes and this happens even more since the update !
Do not not_get not_this app !
Ever since the last update every 5 minutes it crashes !
And you have to start all over again : ( ,
I NEED my categories back , stop updating it if you re not not_making not_positive changes !
I hope those are recovered for everyone who is having this issue .
I am planning a wedding and don t want my friends who are following my boards to get annoyed with all the wedding posts .
: ) It would be nice if there was not a not_limit as to not_how many secret boards you can have .
Do not not_update not_if possible .
Please please fix .
Please bring back the categories ! ! !
I wish I would have read the reviews and update info ! !
The only problem is with the last update .
I had similar problems like everyone else with the update deleting all the categories , but after deleting the app and reinstalling it all the categories came back !
Everytime I repin a pin it posts it twice never not_did not_this before the update fix it ,
Where is the categories ? ! ?
Sad : ( what the heck happened ?
Please fix ASAP !
Why did the last update take them away ?
I tried it 4 times putting it in and I got nothing , and plus when I started it was very sensitive and I clicked a picture I didn t want to view ?
I wish you could see all of your pins on the board you choose to look at .
That was the best feature when you needed to find something specific !
Please bring them back !
Like that it is possible to edit boards now except the app crashes every 5 10 minutes after this update .
The News section needs an update .
Please change it back !
What happened to all of the other categories ?
Where are my other categories ! ?
But what happened to the explore tab ?
Ever since the last update I can not not_explore the not_categories ( which I love to do ) so please fix this ASAP ,
Hope it gets added back soon .
However , I don t like that the categories are no longer not_available to not_browse through .
Please bring the categories back .
We need the categories back !
I don t want to have to go through just popular or geek to find what once could be found by just going to my categories ? !
Love this app but after the latest update the categories are missing .
Why take away explore by category ?
I love Pinterest the website but the iPhone app is always having problems very frustrating .
Can t get very far before it crashes .
Please fix this !
Why did you do away with all the categories ?
I love this app but we need the subcategories back !
Why would they do that ?
I liked to check out different categories ... they ruined the app : ( it needs to change ASAP !
Where are the other categories ?
Please bring them back .
But I have to keep uploading it because it crashes .
Latest update is not not_working ! !
I would git it 5 stars BUT I makes me so mad when I find something I like and it crashes .
I also have a MAJOR issue with this app frequently giving me the error message `` Error .
All of the categories except `` popular '' and `` everything '' are missing since the update ! !
WHAT HAPPENED TO ALL THE CATEGORIES ? ! ? ! ?
Ever since I installed the new update today , it is constantly crashing !
Love the concept of using pinterest on my IPad , but It it is constantly crashing and getting rather annoying .
What happened to all the others ?
Please fix this , with the new update it won t pin ! ! ! ! ! !
Now when I search for pins it says `` No Pins are Currently Available . ''
ADDbounceyball , Just got the newest update and now i can t pin anything .
Please fix this annoying bug ! ! ! ! !
Just uploaded the new update and now I can not not_pin not_anything .
Please fix it .
I can t pin anything !
Every time I try to it keeps saying there is a problem on your end .
Please fix this !
After the newest update I am unable to repin to my boards .
But just updated it on my iPhone and it won t let me repin keeps saying error on Pinterest end please fix this saw a lot of stuff I want to pin and can t !
All the boards under explore are missing !
Never had a problem until today .
Please fix this crashing problem .
They just updated the scrolling feature , but now the pictures take far too long to view .
But it has a lot of bugs that need fixing ,
What happened to being able to choose from all the different categories ?
I would give this a five star but , after a few minutes it crashes .
Need another update please ! !
What happened to all of the explore categories ?
App crashes .
I guess there is something for everyone here .
Please update and make this app more user friendly .
The app can have some issues , which are usually just regular issues with liking or repinning some things .
Love Pinterest but the app constantly crashes ! !
An awesome app to share photographs and create new memories for people even when they r not not_physically not_present in the location .
I actually enjoy using Pinterest on my phone more than I do on my laptop : ) If you have an account you need this app .
I enjoy all of the interesting things other people have done in their lives that could be incorporated into mine as well .
\\nBut it s crashing lately !
I would have given 5 stars but there are some bugs .
What I really like is that when you start clicking on pins , profilesj , and such .
\\nPinterest needs a button that says you ve already posted this !
I m a teacher , chef , planning a wedding , and so much more ! ! !
My only issue is that pages will occasionally stop loading , leaving me with a page half full of blank white pins for sometimes hours at a time .
However lately it just keeps crashing at random times , which is annoying because I can not not_find the not_pins again afterwards ?
The ideas are boundless .
App crashes A LOT ! ! ! ! ! !
Once it crashes , you can t go back to where you were .
You have to start all over again .
I have found so many projects I just don t know where to begin .
This is helping me plan my wedding ,
The app on the iPad crashes too often for me when I am pinning .
I hate that I have to like something in case it crashes so that I can look at the picture later .
Quick and easy to find what I need on the fly .
Still figuring out how to use it best .
Now that the iPad has its own app for Pinterest I can t stop looking at all the goodies there !
Great ... only drawback is you might use it toooo much !
I just love it ,
I love that I can have access to it on my iPhone so when I need to show someone something I ve pinned or I need a recipe I ve pinned , it s easy to get to it ! ! !
It s a neat app , but it crashes a lot ! !
Easy to use but the app crashes from time to time .
Although once you start pinning you can t stop ! ! !
Sometimes the app crashes on my iPhone but its much better since the update .
I can work around it and won t stop using it but I prefer to use my computer as it has less not_problems not_then the apps .
Pinterest in general is awesome and a great way to share info and I recommend it to everyone I know .
Ok now I m def a pintrest addict , but sometimes the app crashes .
Really wish this could be fixed .
Bugs have been fixed and the app is a convenient way to get ideas for crafts , nails , makeup , hair .
Reganrobin , I m sure once I ask others who use this app how to use Pinterest I ll change my mind but for now , this app doesn t make any sense .
I can t figure out what I m supposed to do , what I m supposed to select .
Please update it !
Thank you for adding a great new dimension to life with my iPad !
But this app crashes every five minutes !
This should be a great app , but it crashes constantly .
Find what you need visually , pin it for later , and then follow the link to read more about it !
very easy to navigate compared to what I expected .
When I need a recipe anymore I just go to Pinterest ! !
Love Pinterest , but hate how often it crashes ! ! ! !
I may not not_use not_all the ideas , but its a wonderful bucket list ! !
I am a product manager , whenever I need some inspiration I scroll through images on Pinterest .
I gave it a 4 because it can be slow at time and it crashes a lot .
I can t stop .
I believe I might be addicted .
We are planning a Rehearsal Dinner at a BBQ place and I have found so many great ideas .
Love it , however it crashes a lot when trying to pin pictures ... .otherwise it would get a five star ,
I originally rated this app poorly , but they have made some updates .
That s all that needs to be said .
The only problem is that it does get picky when you try to go into the links .
This is particularly bad when you decide to make something from the site & amp ; go to the store I can t open the link to check you got everything .
So when I first get into a link of something I want to make , I take a screen shot with my iPhone of ingredients & amp ; directions so I can make sure I ll have what I need for for shopping purposes .
You can window shop from home ; find inspiration ; get a good laugh ; or just admire all the beautiful pictures .
It s crashing a lot .
I love Pintrest and I loved this app until I updated it .
It crashes , when I repin it won t change the board in want it on .
Just love seeing others interest and adding a few things to my bucket list .
If I m using a recipe , I just set my phone on the counter instead of walking back and forth from the computer .
It gets a little trick at time to know how to use the app but othere wise it my reason for waking up in the morring : ) ,
There are times when the iPad version just kicks you out of the program but other than that it ROCKS ! ! !
Can t stop once on ! ! !
Love Pinterest but the terms need editing .
It crashes a lot when attempting to click on photos to follow links .
Please fix this because it can be extremely annoying .
A place to categorize your favorite products , DIY crafts , foods , future dreams , music etc ... ideas are endless ,
It crashes constantly .
Bc when I get back on the st app , I have to redo the thing I just did .
I love Pinterest , but the iPhone app crashes constantly !
Great site , great ideas and time consuming when you need it .
Does just what I need it to .
: ) HIGHLY recommend it .
Once I figured out where to find my boards and how to search and explore it made it fun to use .
Just wish there was some way to mark stuff I ve made/done .
Just did an update , and now when I send a pin via email there is no not_space not_between the pin and the URL .
It is my go to when I need some downtime !
Just keep pinning , just keep pinning .
Categories make it easy to navigate thru and actually has ideas that are do able !
Just need to figure out how to find the time to do everything I ve pinned .
I feel like there are some formatting issues ( pictures widen and deform when I click on them ) and sometimes there are other glitches like when I can t go back to Pinterest after I follow a link .
I also wouldn t mind having full functionality with the app ( I can t make comments on pins , to my knowledge ) .
But those are minor annoyances that could very well have been fixed already ( I haven t updated in a while ) .
I recommend it to everyone I know .
Linda 96203 , If I need cooking , parent or craft ideas , I come here first .
I can t stop pinning !
I love it so much that my family thinks I need a pintervention !
Soo many great ideas on here I can t get enough !
LenaCorene , I need Pinterest Rehab .
First you think you need a garden idea , then you see something like bacon jam and get off on a food tangent .
I created a couple boards for art/anatomy reference and it works brilliantly !
Love this App I haven t had any problems with it !
Figure when it crashes , I have been on here long enough !
There are great ideas and variety of things you can do by yourself .
The only downside with the app for the iPhone is that you can not not_edit not_anything .
This app and my iPad is all I need .
But every time I get on it on my iPod it crashes and takes me back to my home screen .
Please make an update and fix this !
I could spend hours just looking ! !
Great app love having ideas available on the phone and iPad .
There are so many helpful tips and awesome ideas that come with this app .
Search keeps messing up where I can t type the whole word , and randomly will not not_let me not_access anything and freeze ,
You can find any thing you need and get great inspiration at the touch of a button .
I have had no not_problems with not_this app .
\\nIt s the perfect app for one that needs to kill time or if ones a procrastinator !
It is very informative great Ideas ,
This is all the social media the world needs !
\\n\\nAlso , can you allow us to go back days , weeks , etc to see previous post that we missed .
Too many crashes ! ! !
Great way to relieve tiredness , it just fills me with great ideas and tips .
When I need an idea for dinner or want to find a decorating idea ... ..anything I want to find Pinterest is where I go .
good app but it crashes too often .
I can keep my photos , places I want to go , craft ideas , & amp ; ideas for when my children marry & amp ; have their own kids all in one place that will never not_crash .
Every time I use it it crashes and I have to reopen the app .
They need to fix the app because it is frustrating and I ve lost a lot of good pins because the app crashed as I went to view a pin .
I like on the iPhone app that you can like and repin from the feed .
I love it , so easy that I m always adding more ideas to my portfolio .
Is there a way to stop this ?
The only complaint I have is that ( as far as I can tell ) you can not not_edit not_pins through this app , you have to go to the website .
I don t need a recipe book anymore .
The app does not not_work for not_more than a few seconds at a time .
I LOVE PINTEREST but this app crashes all the time .
There are so many amazing ideas , I can t stay away !
Enjoy pinterest but they need to fix this glitch ,
I just love this App .
Y all do need to fix it cause when I get out of the app and get back in it the app says FAILED TO LOGIN and it gets annoying so please please please fix it ,
I do not not_really not_like when sometimes it stops and says news items are currently available when you don t even click news .
Everything from clothing to gardening to food I just can t get enough thank you you re amazing !
It d be helpful if these glitches could get fixed up ,
What did I do before Pinterest ?
I finally have all the inspiration that I need to achieve my creative projects .
Please tell me what addictive add on you have used to make this site so irresistible !
When I need a break from other social media platforms , I always head to Pinterest !
I don t feel obliged to go there to check in , I don t have to post anything , I can just cruise and enjoy .
Unique and it fills a whole other social media platforms can t begin to fill .
This filth should not not_be not_allowed on Pinterest .
I hate how the app crashes ALL THE TIME ! ! !
I just love this app ! !
Recipes and crafting ideas are what I use most .
If you are planning to entertain for any reason , you can get inspired through Pinterest .
Couple of things \\n1 I love pintrest in its glory , but lots of technical things needed\\n2 whenever I type something in on the search bar , I type one letter then it thinks I m done .
\\n3 It Crashes all the time .
Only wish it would allow e to minimize the panes ; otherwise , it s perfect !
I just wish more retailers had pins ! !
So helpful when you need fun creative inventive and new ideas .
I feel like I can finally get a feel for how to decorate my house beyond what is just practical !
I can t open my eyes wide enough to see all the glory this site has to offer .
Kinda like having an intuitive encyclopedia !
I don t necessarily think those things should be banned altogether simply because others do enjoy , appreciate and value different things in life .
The boards are so helpful , I just wish there was a way to stop the ones who post pics that go no where or not_lead to not_silly ads ! !
I enjoy this app , but I feel like I need to attend a instruction class .
As a DIYer it is really cool to see awesome projects\\n\\nNot just for the wife ,
I have made Halloween costumes , Christmas gifts , wonder foods and the cutest hair styles on my 6 year old daughter .
When I need any sort of inspiration , I just open up a board and voila !
Love it but it crashes all the time .
Love the app for iPhone very user friendly and never not_had not_any issues since the download fast and fun way to spend Wyatt to much time in this fabulous site : ) ,
I need it , I love it !
\\nI describe the site as ... it s everything I never not_knew not_I wanted to know !
If you need ideas or want to know how to make something it s all here !
Has everything I need ! !
I just wish there were a way to block porn .
I love it , it s great , I never not_need to have a not_messy board in my room with all things I wan na to do or wan na buy or some day travel to .
There is plenty of room for improvement but it s really handy and convenient and crashes enough to be annoying .
I am on it consistently but there are so many problems with the app .
Every time I attempt to open the app it says Login failed .
I love that you can search for just about anything and so many tips come up and they are so creative .
Just try it for your self what do you have I lose other then 15 mins of your time ,
Everyone should have it and use it !
I love not not_having to not_look at Pinterest in Safari , but it seems to have been crashing more often as of late .
I can see plenty of neat stuff , but I can t look at my friends boards for some reason .
Very easy to use , so many different varieties of ideas and the creativity is endless I just love everything about it !
Love Pinterest so many easy DIY projects and its so addicting u will be on it for hours .
I ve enjoyed this app , and haven t had any problems with it crashing .
I learned how to make a plaster cast of my balls !
I love this app but it crashes every time I use it for more than 5 minutes .
I scroll through a category and then it crashes and I can t find my way back to my spot .
I love this app , and I use it all the time but it is VERY slow and crashes after 5 min .
I made most of my girlfriends Christmas presents for the past two years with ideas from this site .
Pinterest is the most relaxing way to express your creativity without not_adding not_too many meaningless words and connections , least pretentious of other sharing sites .
I d like to have more creative control over how my page looks but other than that I ve been using it for a number of months now and enjoy it .
No need to go onto the website or a desktop computer .
These app is great anything and everything can be found here .
Sometimes the app crashes and I loose my place .
There are so many wonderful ideas for crafts and recipes but its not a not_female only not_site , men would enjoy as well .
The only issue is that it crashes often and often won t let you sign in due to `` a problem on their end . ''
I think there needs to be a group called PA Pinterest Anonymous .
I love the step by step details with pictures to illustrate how the project should be done .
Nothing is perfect , however I am unable to find the flaws in the Pinterest app .
Share ideas , learn how to create something cool .
\\n\\nOnly issue is I wish there was a history because I do tens to forget to pin them sometimes until I get too deep and then can t get back to where I can pin it from .
Not easy to figure out how to use pinterest widget icons on my website ,
I use it all the time it s the best , and I recommend it always .
I also like that most of the recipes give you step by step of how to make them .
I hate that I m really interested and I can t view it cause its been reported as spam .
I love Pinterest , but can t easily pin or edit or do much of anything with the apps .
You have to start your searches all over again .
I love that you can find ideas for almost anything .
The only problem is I can t get off of it because I am completely addicted ! ! !
Many , many great ideas that are cheap to accomplish .
At first wasn t a fan , but in time have discovered how much information you can find !
My laptop died and so I updated the app on my ipad and it works great !
How do all the pictures look so good ?
I just wish I could edit the name of my boards , and maybe there is a way to do I just haven t figured it out yet .
It s so addicting and there s so many things on there : ) you will definitely find anything you need on here !
I just absolutely love this website .
Once you start you can t stop ,
But how canna follow my homiez ?
Love it but hate how it sometimes bounces me all the way back to , the top from time to time ... .needs to be fixed ,
I wish there was a way to delete pins , though .
The developers should work on that .
Although this app is wonderful , and I truly love it , it needs to undergo some work .
I realized I needed to updated it with the new version .
Then around the beginning of the new year , I tried using it , and the app crashed , so I tried again .
I don t usually have the time to sit down at a computer at home and just look at things on Pinterest since there are others who need to use it for school , work , and other things that take priority over leisure activities .
Which is the reason why I got the app in the first place , but now , it s becoming a waste of space on my iPad and I would rather use Pinterest on Safari since I never not_worry not_about it not not_working on not_Safari .
Please fix this problem , I don t want to end up deleting the app just because it won t work when I really love it !
This is probably one of my fave apps on my iPhone I use it every day but it has a few problems with crashing often and loosing my page ,
this app but don t like how it shows on what I posted the following page ,
Love being able to see what I need to buy at the store in my phone for recipes !
Once you try it , you just can t stop !
Just love it !
I m using my phone so I don t know if that s the problem but it s not not_very not_user friendly so far !
I definitely recommend it !
Once I start pinning I can t stop ,
search recipes , fashion tips , home improvement ideas and everything needed to make everyday easy .
I don t think I should have to cringe every time I see it ; can t you `` outlaw '' that one ?
There are some inappropriate things on the website , and I would like to see filters that can block bad images and content .
It crashes and the amount of pins you can have .
Using it to plan a wedding with friends .
I love pinterest , but on my iPad , the app crashes every 5 minutes on the dot .
Needs to be updated to fix the crashing .
There is so many great issues for someone with a new home ,
I only wished you can pin from your phone when searching the web .
... .is there a way to do that already ?
But recently I m seeing that pinterest is pinning & amp ; posting stuff on my fb wall without my not_consent .
It could use some work but I enjoy this app and look forward to updates !
I fought getting on Pinterest for a long time because , why do I need to be on another social media ?
I ve created so many new things just from the DIY s and recipes I ve found .
Who needs a separate shopping list when you can pin anything you want and have the list ( with picture ) wherever you go .
I LOVE Pinterest , but every time I pull something up on the app it crashes , and I m not a not_big not_fan of the mobile site either .
Please fix the app .
And when you think you ve exhausted possibilities , then someone repins your pin , you have to go see which one , and it starts all over again !
No one to contact if password will not not_work .
If they made this feature more available I would give it 5 stars .
Dddum , Pinterest has anything you would ever want to know .
cheddar , Love the app , but it always crashes on my iPad ,
Mimihead , I tried to resist , but I can t help it .
It s the best thing since Ho cake , just can t get enough of it..what a wonderful way to create new projects , meet new and exciting friends .
Only downfall on my iPhone I haven t figured out how to edit a pin once pinned so must not not_be not_able to ?
A great way of seeing what s new sorting , and filing ideas away for later .
The ideas are endless !
Perfect ways to plan events , find inspiration and create vision boards .
I have had nothing but problems using your app on my iPad .
I fist noticed it in November , you made some changes and same issues .
That s a good thing .
My only issue is that they should tag or note images that can not not_be not_reprinted or at least suggest a new pin for the one you can t repin .
Anyone not not_pinning not_is missing out on a lot .
A great place to find inspiration or just pass some time .
Whilst I love this site the app is always having problems and I m quite often kicked off of it .
It is very irritating and I would use it more often if this didn t happen so frequently .
Love that there are SO many good ideas for everything ! ! !
And it makes it easy to look through for days you need a craft , a project or a menu idea for any occasion or holiday ! ! !
The only thing is that it crashes every now and again , but you just have to pull it back up and it works fine .
s , Love spending time looking and looking for stuff I didn t know I needed to know ( and love ) ,
It s good thing to get this it s awesome ,
Now i use it anytime I need a quick recipe , a craft idea for the kids or me , or a how to .
I have so much fun with this App. , great to save things for when I need it or want to read it .
I can t stop pinning ! ! !
I think I need to go to meetings , perhaps Pinners Anonymous ( PA ) ?
Glitches have been fixed for the most part & amp ; I m addicted again .
Mine doesn t crash all the time but it will crash occasionally , other than the occasional crash it s pretty good .
I just love this app !
I need to stop procrastinating and go back to real life !
I love Pinterest , but this app CRASHES a lot .
Otherwise , I highly recommend this app ! ! ! !
Just love this site ! !
Just love this app ! ! !
Occasionally it crashes on both my iPhone and iPad .
Not every pin is properly named by the pinning community , so a `` blue '' image may get lost in the matrix , but with proper technology it could be organized by RGB pixel counts .
I didn t even know of this app til my little sister added it for me .
I haven t figured out yet if there s a way that I can search for specific things and also how can I pin new items ?
Love pinterest but it crashes every two seconds and I lose my place very frustrating needs to be fixed ,
Only negative : I wish I could actually have time to enjoy or create every idea I pin .
Haven t had a problem with it at all .
Best place to go if you want to get inspired or simply just kill some alone time .
I also love that I can use the app to go on Pinterest on the go when I m bored !
You just can t imagine what this site has to offer until you check it out .
Although you find great ideas on how to organize yourself with helpful hits to allow you more time for pinning .
Also , sometimes it crashes but not not_often .
This app helps me with almost all of my projects and I just love the pictures and quotes !
Great , but need to tweak one or two things ,
I have this app for both my iPhone and iPad and it crashes about every fifteen minuets which makes me loose my place .
So I end up reading the same things over and over trying to get back before it crashes again .
Once u start u can t stop !
I find this upsetting because it just randomly crashes while I m using it .
Please fix this !
This app is giving me so much option on what to wear and how to wear them .
I ve never not_been not_addicted to browsing before , and now I can t stop .
I just love it .
Awesome app but why can t I actually pin things while browsing the web in app ?
Ipad app lets you pin from the browser why not not_iphone not_?
If I could only use one website for the rest of my life , it would be Pinterest .
And it always works , never not_crashes !
Is there a way to organize the pins ?
Why reinvent the wheel ?
Fave site now readily available on my phone .
I find myself needing to visit Pinterest for it takes me away to anything I want to learn , try , see ... just escape ,
This app is crazy good and a lot of fun but it crashes every time I use it .
Whenever I need an idea for crafting or fashion tips I just look there .
You can always find what you need !
Fast and haven t had any problems .
It helps me find resources for topics I need help with or more information/knowledge about .
No need to buy the magazines .
It has so many wonderful ideas that are creative and useful .
How could you not not_love an not_app that makes you smile , laugh and gives you great tips on pretty much everything ? ?
I love this site , but it crashes every ten fifteen minutes .
scr4568 , great way to pass time and love how there is always a new idea every time I look on here ! ! !
I couldn t have planned my wedding without it !
I enjoy the ideas and highly recommend this to everyone ! !
I feel inspired everyday just by logging on .
It is more organized and takes way less not_time not_than just surfing the Internet .
You have to get this app !
I have made sooooo many delicious recipes !
But for some reason it crashes on my iPad all the time .
Once I get started , I can t stop !
Also you have to check if pins actually ( still ) access the original content .
Everyone needs it : ) ,
I love all the the different ideas that you can find .
Rarely crashes .
The only thing is I can t post comments for some reason it s annoying ,
This app provides great ideas and lots of laughs .
, 5 , Poop1346425643 , Great ideas for gifts , recipes , update wardrobe and home decor !
It has been crashing a lot recently though .
This is such a great app , you will be instantly addicted and can t stop pinning !
What is even better is that you can leave each other comments to help one another out .
Lots of new ideas just love it ,
\\n\\nHow it works : in the iPhone app , it is best to use the search feature to see what other Pin sters are `` pinning '' , say , if you re looking for wedding ideas ( by far the most prolific pursuit on the site ) .
There s also a thrill in people finding and `` subscribing '' to my boards ; it provides a sense that while I m informing myself , I m helping others !
I also feel their search features need a bit of an overhaul , namely so one can look for keywords in a specific category , not the not_whole not_site .
The only thing I don t like is clicking in ideas that are not not_links not_: ( forcing user to exit application to go to a website ,
Def recommend it .
I just love Pinterest it is so addictive if there is anything of interest you are looking for you it can be found all in one spot .
At first I thought Pinterest would be a little boring but once you find what you like , you can t stop .
You can laugh reading through the humor category or plan your next vacation looking at photos under travel .
Love this app ... would have gotten five stars , but it crashes when reading blogs .
Since I m so completely obsessed with Pinterest , it can be very frustrating when the app crashes as frequently as every 5 minutes .
Anything I ve wanted or needed creative fun ideas with and more is easily on Pinterest .
Totally recommend it !
Just love it !
I definitely suggest downloading it !
I m pretty laid back and low maintenance so i don t need any extra bells and whistles applied to the program .
I love the concept that you can build your own boards .
This app crashes way to often .
I can t stop pinning .
Rarely crashes .
Pinterest is great and a lot of fun but they frequently have problems with their iPhone app .
I truly recommend this to anyone .
But it s constantly crashing , especially when I click on a pin .
Please get this fixed ! ! ! !
I wish you could edit your boards , but otherwise Perfect !
I can t figure out how they are making any money with this free app because I hardly not_ever not_see any ads .
\\nWhile trying to Repin , the app does notify me , more than one occasion , that they are having problems with their network .
Best thing ever ... ... crafts and ideas are my passion and when we can share our minds and abilities thats what it s all about .
I am using it to plan my wedding and it is a life saver .
Love the app to have my pins at hand it s great BUT after a few minutes it crashes it just closes and I loose everything that I was looking at : ( ,
I have uninstalled it and reinstalled it and still it crashes .
Consistent experience between desktop and mobile the one element I think should be improved is profile sharing , it s easy to invite people to join , but not not_easy to not_share just profile details .
I just love it !
You just have to browse to GET it !
Please never not_go not_away ! !
Love this app , I said long time ago I didn t need another Addition but now am here livening it !
Shows unique things and how to make fantastic things !
But someone please fix these crashes ! !
Please clean up these glitches and many pinners having the same problem will be the happiest of pinners !
I love to get ideas from pinners all over , easy DIY that I would have never not_come not_up by myself , and the boards help you organize it all .
The app seems to crash every time I find something awesome , then I can t find it again .
I can t sign up , keep getting an error message .
I would suggest all my friends to use it , as well as strangers .
I didn t get how to pin my own photos for a while there but happily I learned how to ... ... .so five stars .
Runs smoothly and is great for on the go , when you just can t enough pinning .
If the ipad app did not not_crash not_so often I would give 5 stars .
The idea behind Pinterest is awesome and the app works flawlessly .
If you need to figure out something quick to fix for supper , it can help with that too .
Just about anything you want to know , you can find here .
TJL Principal , The best educators are always looking for ideas to improve learning in the classroom .
The nice thing abt the phone version is that I don t have to lug my laptop into the kitchen to follow said recipe just prop up my phone !
All good until I pin 15 in a row then it crashes and it doesn t take me back to where I left off .
Everything I need is at my fingertips ! !
I love all the boards I can create even my hidden ones .
The UI is perfect the way it is , please don t change it unless you find a way to top the best .
Everything you need is found on Pinterest ! ! ! !
I wrote a review a while back , when first starting out , about what updates needed to take place before I d be willing to give 5 stars .
I love the app , but it crashes a lot .
Please fix this ! !
Haven t really tried adding my own pins yet .
But please add chats so like you and your followers can like message back and forth ! ! ! !
And please make it so we have friends and followers .
There are so many great , creative ideas on here for DIY crafts , recipes , art !
Through my boards , I have made wonderful New Pinning buddies and reconnected with old friends .
I love Pinterest but this app crashes or has an error message EVERY TIME I use it .
Good interface but crashes frequently ,
It crashes a lot though .
Anything I need to know I can find right here .
Easy use app that works perfect and as added features to make pinning and adding boards a breeze .
Please fix the bugs ! ! !
It crashes pretty often or gets an error message .
Really great app , it crashes ever so often but very rarely , not_sometimes not_not all pins show up but overall a really awesome app ,
My only disappointment is that many of e images do not have not_links to not_how to find them for further details or purchase them .
Except for when I m on long it crashes .
The only issue is that sometimes the app crashes and closes .
This issues is probably due to hardware limitations on my old ipod touch .
Love the app but lately it crashes a lot .
Do not not_appreciate not_this at all ! ! !
It s great how I can look up a recipe while I m at the store and get what I need : ) ,
Once you are on it you have to make yourself stop ,
I am so addicted to it , that s the only problem .
My only problem with this is that I can t do all the amazing projects I find ! ! !
It has helped me plan my wedding in more ways than one : ) ,
try it once that s all you have to do and your hooked !
I love it but needs some type of sort and search functionality .
Also had a crashing issue .
I think it a great app and I highly recommend it to people who already use and love the full site .
Wish it was easier to figure out how to pin something you see elsewhere .
I setup an account through the Facebook App and while it seemed like it was a pretty cool idea , everytime I tried to go for all of the images I wanted , it would crash my app .
After four failed crashing attempts , I limited myself to only afew items and it seemed like that would work , but nope everything I was interested in disappeared .
At the sametime , when downloading the app , per its info about correcting the issues of Landscape mod for Ipad , would think that would mean you could use the sameway with an Iphone 3GS running IOs 6 , yeah nope .
If the Idea is a pin board then why the Hell would I designate something to a folder when I am attempting to pin to my wall ?
I have made so many unique & amp ; creative items since having it !
But , every time I open the app it crashes .
I love Pinterest but my app crashes about every 8 minutes ,
I only wish there were some way to scroll to the top of the page fast without not_swiping my not_finger dozens of times .
: ) I can t tell you how many hours I have spent on here .
Love it for ideas , information and just passing time while resting .
The only reason I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because it crashes regularly on my first gen iPad .
Just love it .
Only draw back , just like other apps including Facebook , you have to go to the full site to do some editing and changes to personal information .
Is there an PA group like AA ?
I found to many good things , ideas and tips is so nice and funny .
I just love it ,
Just hope the next update fixes the crashing problem .
But , this really needs to be fixed .
Just has a few kinks that needs improvement ; my homepage says I have `` 1 Like '' but there s nothing on that page and sometimes I get pop ups for bug errors .
Very intuitive , works just how you think it should work !
It is annoying to be instructed on how to do something when none of the buttons to accomplish that task exist on the iPad version .
I have to set a timer so I can find my way out .
One of my favorite apps , but crashes when I m looking at pins .
I love Pinterest , but it crashes !
It s like a `` How To '' Ap on Life ! ! !
I recommend this app to everyone !
I just don t don t care for the repetition in pictures , and I am not not_sure not_if this is in the app , or if it is associated in Pinterest itself .
Love it but it crashes every so often when opening a pin .
It is what I expected .
Never fails me ,
So glad previous bugs have been fixed .
App is constantly crashing on me when I click on someone s pin , then I lose what I was looking at because it forces the app to reload .
But it just doesn t work .
You can find everything you need !
Niquaa , The app is great , but they need to work on policy .
I just love it !
If ur a mom or artist or chef or photographer or just need entertainment ... it s for everyone basically ! ! !
Totally recommend it !
Becomes very distracting when I need to study or sleep lol ,
This is a lot of fun and can be addicting but it says I don t have a connection and it crashes often .
Apps a little touchy , and it crashes from time to time .
The only improvement I would like , knowing it s pretty much impossible , is for Pinterest to let me know if I had already pinned something .
No longer need the visuals from my magazines ! !
The greatest ideas ever are on here .
Love pinterest , but this app crashes literally every few minutes .
You can find everything you will ever want or need to inspire you here ! !
Aurio , Pinterest is great but the app needs work .
Think that pinterest could be a little more user friendly but that might be the result of me needing to experiment more with it .
Just smooth pinnin .
I have found many fun and interesting items here and just love it !
Derppina12 , I have 3 problems 1 .
Only thing I would suggest for the iPad app is to be able to `` like '' a pin without not_having to not_click on it to open the pin and then have to wait to return to the main page .
It s nice to be able to have a traveling\\nPinterest for when I am unable to access a computer .
I wish you could just hit the resin button and it would just rein it instead of opening up .
Pinterest allows you to `` pin '' your favorite items or pins to a `` board '' that you can create .
Only problem is that I am totally addicted ! !
Pinterest doesn t need reviews !
I m always coming up with new boards , but need to move current pins , I already have , onto to these boards , but I have to re pin each one in order to do this .
I love this app and it s super easy to navigate but lately it has been crashing and it stinks because one time I found this amazing pin but the app crashed and I lost it .
I like Pinterest a lot but ever since I got the app , when I m just scrolling down reading photos it just randomly shuts off And sends me back to my home page .
The main problem is it shuts off !
Just love Pinterest for various reason ! !
Is there a way to change a pin to a different board ?
I love this app for many reasons..one being that I can follow my families likes and know what ideas they like best and get great present ideas for them..but best of all they have the answers to so many of my everyday problems , questions , etc ... if I need a quick recipe for dinner or quick appetizers for drop in company it s all there .
I just pin my favorite articles and they go right to my Pinterest acct !
It works to do most basic searching , but it still tends to crash on me when I m busy pinning .
Great app except that it crashes way too often .
It provides hours of informative reading mostly recipes for me .
Why do I have to Google simple steps to use this app ?
If it was intuitive , I wouldn t need to do that .
Thank you for helping me plan so many special life events !
Only problem is it s a little bulky to use \\nIdk , awkwardish ,
I really love this ap , but it crashes a lot .
Love this site and app but it crashes way too often .
I love browsing Pinterest and the app makes it easy to pull up my boards when I m out shopping and need access to recipes .
I m not not_sure not_if this is an iPad/Apple problem .
To bad it crashes every once in a while .
I could use it for hours ! ! ! !
It rarely not_crashes .
Except when it randomly crashes ,
The app needs some work !
I highly recommend this site , it s well worth your time !
I really enjoy this app you will find what ever is in you mind ... great ideas awsome creativity .
Also , it would be nice to have a way of searching pins on my boards by websites , magazines , and pinners : for instance , I could type in `` elvi '' and see all the pins by elvi on my boards .
This could be called `` finder '' ,
Haven t had any issues .
If you need some inspiration , explore this site !
Everyday is something new and a Wonderful way to share ! !
I like this app although some bugs need to be fixed but otherwise it s an excellent app : ) I hope this review helped I recommended this app Just saying ,
The only thing that bothers me is that it can sometimes crash , but I still love it ! ! !
Now if only there was a way to post better from the app ,
I use it the most and rarely have not_issues with it .
It always says that it has `` a mild case of the hiccups '' or that `` no not_pins not_are currently available '' .
Most of the time I just use Pinterest online because the app doesn t work .
Even more frustrating is that the app will work one on device but not not_another in the not_exact same location i.e the app will not not_work on my not_phone , but it will work on my iPad and vise versa or it will work on my husbands phone , but not mine not_( not_same phone ) .
It would be great if these bugs were fixed so I could actually use the app .
Have made so many recipes , gifts and crafts already not to not_mention the not_tips and tricks I have found just LOVE it .
What happened to the history strip that used to be along the left side of the website ?
Please change it back !
I love this app I definitely recommend downloading it .
I absolutely love Pinterest but I hate that it so easily crashes which is whim giving it 3 stars .
From natural home remedies to inspiring and innovative recreational ideas , I feel like I have everything I need right at hand .
All of your favorite things and things you want to know or share or ideas , inspiration , and creativeness all put into one website !
I just loooove Pinterest ! ! !
There are a few things that need to be fixed but beyond that , great app .
It sometimes crashes when I m looking at a pin that I m really eager to look at .
I love Pinterest , and the layout of the app is great , but ( 1 ) it crashes all .
Although the crashing may or may not have to not_do with the not_fact that my iPhone 3GS ( iOS 6 ) is on its last legs ... hopefully with my upcoming phone upgrade I ll be able to use it without it not_crashing .
Highly recommend it !
Never had a problem with their app .
When I can t sleep at night I stay up with Pinterest all night !
Only problem is when it crashes in the middle of searches and shuts down .
This app has been crashing a lot lately .
Love it so many great ideas can t stop looking at it on my phone or laptop ! !
I really like the Pinterest app , but it does seem to crash at least once a day .
It would also be nice if there was a way to pin things from Chrome Mobile and not just not_from not_Safari , but I m making it work for now .
I did initially have problems being `` invited '' & amp ; getting registered .
Latest upgrade was great and fixed issues with crashing and not not_being not_able to save pins .
I love how you can look at a pin and check out its source and then easily close the pages to get back to where you left off .
Not really sure what the problem was but it s a great app considering how many people use it .
Def recommend this app !
BUT , please please fix the search bar bug .
I just LOVE it .
It s great having this on my phone and iPad and iPod it s like having your portfolio with you everywhere you go , never not_forget the not_color or pattern you loved , just pin it and it s there , just love it .
I find everything I need to create a great garden .
You have to search through a browser that s part of the app ( which is not not_immediately not_apparent ) , which only works to a certain degree you can t just cut and paste a link from a browser window you already have open , for instance , and create a new pin .
Very convenient when I want to open a pinned recipe and have it in my kitchen on the ipad , however no more not_running not_back to the computer !
Highly recommend this .
Occasionally I can t pin something for some reason .
The only thing I haven t figured out is how to edit your pins in case you classify it in the wrong file .
Zebra~8 , When it crashes it keep cashing but when it doesn t spaz for long period of time .
\\n\\nThat means it crashes a few times in a row and then is fine .
You have created a monster giving me pinterest on the go !
I spend so much time on it because there are so many great ideas !
I only wish it would tell me if I ve already pinned something so I don t get duplicates .
I love that I can now create boards from my phone & amp ; pin , pin , pin ! ! ! !
I love Pinterest , but this app crashes all the time !
I learned how to cook new cool things ,
I can not not_get not_enough of it and have even made my hubby jealous over it .
It crashes , frequently .
Please fix it !
Everyone needs it ! ! !
Instead , you need to click one at a time to see a slightly larger view .
Range , There s not a not_thing you not_can t find how to make , fix , craft , etc ! !
Never had a problem yet .
I would never not_be not_able to find all the amazing and creative ideas that this app can for me .
If you don t have this app , you are missing out !
App crashes , and when reloaded it is never on the not_same not_place , or even close .
So many good ideas , endless exploration , anything you need at your finger tips .
Pintrest ha inspired me to do so much and it was just the app I needed after discovering the full website at work !
The app itself could use some bug fixes..freezes/exits quite frequently .
You need to find something out whether its about a stain or something for dinner this is the app to have !
It s a really great app but it crashes so much D ; but god ... so worth it .
It s just really annoying to be reading something then it crashed : / still !
Nice overall , but crashes if you scroll too far down .
I love using the pintrest app but find that it crashes pretty regularly .
But here lately it seems to lock up or tell me no not_pins not_available .
The updates have made the app so much better .
Good looking , easy to use but crashes often .
Just get it .
The sharing and saving ideas is fantastic .
I had to download it to my IPhone just so I could use it when I m away from my computer : ) .
Highly recommend it ! ! ! ! ! !
It seems like if I reprint too many things , it crashes .
Great for ideas , in all kinds of areas , for repairs and almost anything you need to do !
I may never not_use a not_filing cabinet again .
Ninja X , In a way it s like Instagram , but you share photos of your liking and follow others who post things your interested in !
The app rarely not_works , not_constantly freezes , and continually says there are `` no not_pins not_available '' .
User interface navigation could be improved .
Love it there s always new ideas and usually some easy how to s !
I spend hours just browsing posts lots of interesting pins .
Please fix this problem and it ll be 5 stars all the way ! ! !
I m actually excited about the next dish I m going to make while I m eating what I ve just made & lt ; 3 ,
This app is much faster and doesn t crash now .
S. \\nI would love to see a filter option on a future update .
And I love being inspired by so many others whenever I need to be !
At first I didn t think it was an app I would use .
\\nIt s a great idea ,
It helps me put to life those millions of DYI projects by heading me in he right direction , gives me style ideas , help with makeup tricks ( which at one time I desperately needed so thank you haha ) and the shared recipes are out of this world .
However , I am unable to rid many of these pins from my likes page .
I have submitted several requests , which I feel have fallen on deaf ears .
I have learned many things , made some great crafts , and connected with people with whom I share mutual interests .
By the way , I am UNABLE TO RETRIEVE ANY OF MY LIKES ON MY LAPTOP !
Hate that the App crashes often when I have selected an image .
I have not only not_been not_able to use it for fun , but also for work .
There are so many fun and creative ideas and projects !
Instead of rewriting or printing out the recipe you can just open the app right in the store and see everything you need ! !
: ) ( p.s . and thank you to the creators who made this !
Can t stop pinning ! !
Just love it .
I have made two different cookies that I found and the guys at work loved the both so much .
And it just gets better all the time ! !
Sometimes the screen gets stuck and you can t access the `` back '' button .
Great ideas to save for when you need them !
I just love Pinterest actually I am doing a smash book and I m not not_kidding it not_is like Pinterest on real paper it s awesome ! ! ! !
Love Pinterest as a whole but the app could use some updates and improvements .
I often get server or connection errors that I doubt are due to things I can control .
I love that you can access the original source/link from the pin !
I recommend it to ALL my friends and family !
Pretty much planned my wedding off Pinterest : ) ) ,
If you are looking to learn or want a idea ,
Pinterest is great , but the app is nearly unusable it crashes every few minutes , which is extremely annoying .
I just love it !
However , app can be slow at times and seem to get quite a few errors .
Most of my wedding ideas is from Pinterest : ) I love it ! !
This could be the ultimate app but crashes often .
Works fine on iPhone but the iPad version crashes constantly .
Just like a computer .
Whats the point of planning events in style if every one of your friends has already seen your idea inspirations ?
I love it but the app crashes all the time !
I can only be on for about 5 min and then it crashes !
When I need a quick laugh , a beauty tip or *gasp* exercise idea this is my go to place .
Sometimes the repin button doesn t work but you just need to reboot the app and it usually works .
I ve gotten so many good ideas to decorate our new house and even been able to get ideas to plan our wedding !
The app is a great idea , and I would really enjoy it if it didn t always crash .
It runs very slow , and it has a lot of bugs that need to be fixed .
I just love Pinterest ! ! !
Can t stop pinning ... ..can t stop pinning !
How did we live without it ! not_?
So far I have window shopped for my imaginary dream house and my daughters imaginary wedding , planted my imaginary garden , created tons of imaginary craft projects and planned imaginary meals .
I love connecting with people over common interests and pinning all the info I need at my fingertips couldn t be easier .
pinterest is good love it but app still has bugs where it won t load or closes for no not_reason .
\\n\\nThe only downside of the app on the iPhone versus the actual website is that you can t rearrange pins or chose what picture is your board cover .
It also crashes once in a while but other than that I LOVE it : ) ,
I don t like that when I open the app I can t view who i m following in a single column view anymore as I was able to do on an iPhone 3G !
\\nI also wish that I didn t have to scroll when I m viewing a single pin to be able to see the `` pin it '' button and/or the `` go back '' arrow .
Wish that there was some easy way to pin from my phone s browser .
My best friend told me about it now I can t stop !
There are such great ideas for so many things ! ! !
My girlfriend creates amazing food , yet she s on it so dang much I miss her !
Like the format a lot but it crashes all the time .
It could be more organized and easy to find things .
I use Pinterest to plan my me u each week and stay up late every night laughing in Humor ! !
Love Pinterest and the app but it crashes a lot ,
God bless the genius who created Pinterest !
I think the bugs are finally out .
Just wish my screen was bigger to see more pins !
Just crashes a lot and shutdown .
Learning how to use , so far , seems okay ,
There are so many neat ideas or beautiful pictures , you can get lost in it .
I love Pinterest but they need to fix it so that we get a pop up when we have already pinned something .
Sooo glad there is an app for pinterest ?
a community of sharing ideas what could be better !
Pinterest It s very different from most other applications but once you learn how to navigate and use it , this is a tremendous new social app .
Wish there was some way to see when ppl pin stuff off my site ( like dif notification that my page made it to Pinterest ) but overall love it and couldn t be happier .
The only issue is that it crashes .
I am giving this site four stars instead of five because I think they should block nudity from being posted here underage kids use this site & amp ; they can type one words and pops up a nude picture at least on a computer you can put up blocks but not on a not_cell not_phone other than that I love the app .
I just love Pinterest !
I like that I could look things up wherever I am , like how to make yogurt or tortillas .
There are so many great ideas that are shared on this site !
Love it although I have problems with it crashing on my phone .
Only thing how to delete some pins , dupliclate ones etc ?
I love Pinterest , but this app ALWAYS crashes ! !
All the things you never not_knew that you not_needed to know !
I had to `` stumble '' around trying to figure out how to use it , I wish there was a tutorial available when you first sign up .
Everyone should have a Pinterest .
Never had any problems with it !
I just wish I d known about it sooner !
I love pinterest now that it does not not_crash not_anymore ! ! !
Almost every time after about 10 min , it crashes !
My daughter made me get this when she was beginning to plan her wedding .
I highly recommend this .
I had to google how to do it , to find people who had figured it out .
This app is great if you have wifi it s easy and handy there are some really cool ideas on there from weddings to cooking and crafts/DIY I am abscessing About it to all my friends and family I would recommend it so I hope you have fun on this awesome app !
I have 2 issues with it : 1 .
It tends to crash each time I am on it and , 2 .
When I go back in after it crashes , I can never not_find not_where I was .
What a great way to find ideas for your house , how to fix things , recipes , recipes for people w/ allergies , fashion ideas , beautiful photography ... .you name it you can find it on Pinterest .
Pinterest is full of creative ideas for anything you can think of !
I used to say `` When you want to know how to do something just Google it . ''
Not sure how to fix that .
If u need something u get it here .
Unfortunately , I don t think the developers had the user in mind when they created the mobile Pinterest app .
You just show interests and get great ideas from looking at all the random pictures .
I love Pinterest , but this app crashes a lot .
Just got my iPhone a couple of weeks ago but so far Pinterest works great very easy to live around in ,
The ease of quickly adding pins and maneuvering boards make it a much more enjoyable use of time .
Good way to access Pintrest even though sometimes it s slow and it crashes often .
I love Pinterest , but this app crashes , like , every 5 minutes .
Please fix it .
I can t get enough if this app has made me a better cook !
My go to app whenever I need ideas for pretty much anything ,
I can t live without it ! !
What am awesome way to brainstorm .
Love this app..there are so many ideas for ANY & amp ; EVERYTHING you can think of .
I use it from anything to new craft ideas , what to wear , what to eat , planning my wedding and even how to get in shape for my wedding !
Never crashed on the Droid though .
Otherwise with the frequency it crashes , it probably would have gotten one star .
I have to reboot my phone to fix it .
What a great opportunity to see and share some really unique and funky items you may otherwise have never not_been not_exposed to I love it !
the app crashes regularly .
I can t pin and I can t open the website from the picture anymore .
Does have some problems pinning to my board on occasion .
IT CRASHES EVERT FIVE MINUTES AND IT IS SOOO ANNOYING ,
Love Pinterest , the app freezes a lot for me and I have to delete it and reinstall it , please fix this in your next update ! ! !
Super Wife/Mom , I can t stop looking at it ,
Just wish it didn t have foreign people & amp ; foreign ideas that are strange here in the USA .
this app provides a lovely little window into the ever enjoyable world of visual content that is the pinterest space .
However the app crashes every now and then ,
Just got tattoo idea off there .
I can t think of anything I don t like about pinterest !
This app is great , but crashes wayy to much .
But , it crashes A LOT ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Their competitor , The Fancy , provides a better experience in my opinion .
I just love it .
Never had a problem with it !
Just wish it would not not_crash not_so frequently ! !
A lot of posted pics without not_recipes .
I never not_know not_what I want to see but just browsing sparks an interest and I m on my way .
It sometimes crashes ,
Totally recommend it ,
Omanoff , I really like Pintrest but I can t always figure things out like boards & amp ; re pinning .
Love that I don t need to clip magazine pictures any more !
I can find lots of ideas just by typing `` organize '' in the search ... it would be just nice to have one designated category .
Awesome way to keep stuff you like or want to do .
I have made several projects and enjoy everyone s talents on hear & amp ; beautiful stories with their blogs keep it pinning !
How can I rate it when I can t find anyplace to instruct me on how to navigate through it .
The app is fun to use , but has a few bugs .
It crashes too much .
It s nice that you can save pins right to your iPod/iPhone .
The only problem with this one is that I use it too much : ) ,
It has wonderful ideas that you can actually use ! ! !
Would like for it not to not_crash not_while browsing though .
It is difficult to find appropriate people to follow , that is , those who post interesting things , but who don t flood the feed with too much .
Warning you may become addicted to it ,
How can anyone resist ?
There are so many great finds & amp ; ideas .
My only complaint is that you can t edit the main board pic using the app .
Just wish I could use it in landscape .
My only complaint is the difficulty with adding an outside pin from a website .
Other than that , this app is easy to use and I have had very few problems .
Only flaw is not not_being not_able to pin all things from websites while using the iPad .
Modfloralpink , I have no not_issues with not_this app .
You could never not_be not_bored while on Pinterest .
This app is amazing and has helped me plan pretty much my entire wedding !
You can get ideas for anything and post your own .
This app is what you can expect !
Great app\\nLots of cool its and its humor section is pretty fun \\nIt does crash a lot when trying to look at stuff but no not_big not_deal I just reopen the app ,
Only complaint is the frequent crashing .
Might be a bug ?
\\n\\nNeeds a little more organization of pins in categories and needs some fixes with crashing sometimes .
I can t stop pinning !
Best ideas are here ,
Great app , but frequently crashes on me .
Would also be great if the boards could be sorted or renamed ,
Ideas are awesome !
I love how many uses you can get from Pinterest !
Just need more time to do it all !
It crashes or logs me out any time i try to use it .
I can spend hours on here and learn how to do all kinds of stuff .
It s everything you can find with a google search but in a very neat and organized way , I love that you can share also ,
I wish there was a way to scroll through the pins like a slide show .
I recommend it to everyone , even strangers !
I gave it two stars because it crashes ALL THE TIME .
Please fix this because it deters me from using the app !
I love Pinterest it has so many ideas for everything you could ever need I just wish it would update pictures every hour or half hour .
Really enjoy this site , my eyes bleed lol I have planned a whole life on this one !
I have come to believe that there is literally nothing you can t find on Pinterest .
There are SO many great ideas in SO many areas of life ! !
I recommend it to everyone !
I constantly get an `` error on our end '' message from this app .
The only thing I would recommend is that if someone puts something on here that it should have the directions on how to make it !
Why share pictures of it if your not not_going to not_share how to make it ?
Totally addicted ... .love love live this app ... although sometimes I seem to have problems with it syncing to my fb still love it though ,
I like it..but I wish it would update new pics every so often when I am on it ,
All that needs to be said .
It always crashes .
Epic fail ,
It s a fun way of exploring different possibilities for crafts , clothes , decorations and good for when you just need a laugh .
Everyone should have a Pinterest .
I just wish the things that I pin didn t go right to the top of my news feed and I wish it was more organized .
Watch out though ... you might get addicted .
Sometimes it s frustrating when I can t get all the directions I m looking for , but usually I just use the pictures for ideas .
If not , not_nothing not_lost , just uninstall it ! !
There are always great ideas , beautiful pictures and inspiring quotes on this site .
The only other thing I wish you could do is a search within your boards .
I LOVE when I m looking at something on the Pinterest app and it crashes and resets and I never not_find it not_again .
\\nSeriously crashes like every 15 minutes .
I kinda wish I had created Pinterest .
I just love it .
It crashes ALL THE TIME .
\\nWhen I can use it , it s fun .
Love pinterest ... .when I need ideas for crafts , new zingy recipes , or organization ideas I always use this app .
We need to care for this world for our future generations .
Great app but crashes sometimes .
Anyone else have this problem ?
I absolutely love Pinterest and was just thinking the other day what a great idea it is .
You scroll up and down , but sometime the app freezes and you have to wait for the app to catch up then it zooms down the page making you have to back track to see what you missed .
Maybe some navigation could be changed to get back to earlier viewed pins but its not a not_big not_deal .
Whether u craft , collect , paint , sew , etc ... there are ideas for everyone and its an easy way to collect them .
It s my go to place for whatever I need !
I absolutely love Pinterest , only complaint is that sometimes when I upload a picture To pin , it will not not_go not_through on my phone .
e , I will loose myself and forget all about watching the time ! ! !
Only trouble is I m using it so much , I forget ( grin ) to dust my house !
4 stars \\nJust wish you could communicate with other pinners .
The only knock against the app vs. the website is that you can t move pins between boards .
Now the app only crashes occasionally .
I , too , wish there was a `` return to top '' button as well as a way to edit board name , cover photo , category etc . without me not_having to not_go to my PC to do so .
I have made a number of recipes , used cleaning tips , and so much more using Pinterest .
Just love it !
I wish an option when you are pinning included where you can find/buy the product ( s ) without it not_having to not_be part of the description if one chooses to put it in there .
It crashes after being on for less not_than not_five minutes .
But then it crashes .
But this app crashes a lot ever since the new update .
I really started actively searching Pinterest when our daughter got engaged and we were planning the wedding .
Then I found dozens of ideas we used to plan an amazing wedding .
When the whole world shares ideas you can plan special events from your living room Lazy Boy ! ! !
I would call Pinterest an `` Internet File Cabinet '' storing all the wonderful things found that you might want to use some day !
Overall the app awesome , but it randomly closes and you have to log back in each time .
Well , when one of my bridesmaids showed me a Pinterest board she had created for me , I thought I should at least give it a try to see if I liked it .
Anyway , I hope you find Pinterest as useful as I have !
You will have to drag yourself away from it .
Great place to post interests and help my loved ones figure out what I like so they know what to get me for Christmas and birthdays !
Thanks to whoever created this site .
I love pinterest , but the app often crashes , or is unable to load properly .
It doesn t ever crash on me , and everything you need is on there !
I recommend it !
Highly recommend it .
Great app , just needs more iPhone capabilities .
The only thing is that it crashes .
This app isn t terrible , but there are a few things I can not not_do with the not_app that the web version allows .
Just got an ipad and I am addicted .
I do find it crashes quite often , but still sooo worth it !
Once you get going you can t stop it s so easy .
Everything one likes is here ,
If you are a constant pinner , you need this app !
I just love it when I come across the pin the makes me go , Wowwww .
How could you not not_love not_this ? ! ?
Hasn t crashed .
However , would like instructions about following , and how to get the max out of the app !
this app used to frequently crash and had a poor layout .
I love the fact that you can pin your own items from a website !
Easy to use and never not_crashes .
It crashes but I love the app , they just need to fix the crash part ,
App provides quick way to share and receive items of interest .
It s definitely a great idea and is really handy .
Something has to be wrong as my friends can t figure it out either !
No pins available , `` sorry thing is wrong with the system '' , are some of the things I have been seeing instead of the fun everyone else is having .
It keeps on closing the app after like 20 seconds I can t even look at one item ! !
I ll spend hours on it but it has a lagging issue and kicks me out a lot .
My favorite addiction available on my phone is always a plus ,
This app is great when you don t get the annoying error `` to many request from this address .
It crashes frequently .
\\n\\nAll in all I love it but these 2 issues are very annoying ! ! !
I can t stop raving about it .
I have done several of the recipes on here and am currently working on another craft I got off of pinterest ! !
I wish this could be fixed .
It is very frustrating that it crashes so frequently ,
I highly recommend joining .
I ve gotten some great pins and DIY projects ahead ... please keep up the great work ,
Occasionally there are flaws or bugs , but the are quickly fixed .
But sometimes it crashes or the screen freezes !
Something needs to be fixed about it ,
You can save things that you like , that are your style or ideas for fun stuff to do later .
Great , just not not_sure not_how to change the pictures on there .
Gathering ideas has never not_been not_easier or more interesting !
I like being able to access it on my phone , but it is always crashing and I do have difficultly with it freezing ,
If you don t know what to make for dinner , just hit Pinterest !
It requires a click to open the image , a click to repin it , and then a click to close the image and return to the browser , with some lag with each action .
This sight is a paradigm shifter like FB , but much more fun and no not_need to not_worry about cyberstalkers !
I can t think of a whole lot that could make it better .
\\n\\nI would like to see the next version with a camera so it can be even more personalized .
Every once in a great while it gets a little buggy , but then there is an update available .
I hate how u cant pick up where u left off after closing the ap ( it always refreshes ) , too many error messages , very slow to load , crashes and closes without not_warning and you not_receive no not_notification of not_comments on your pins or on comments tagged in .
But unless I m mistaken ( and I hope I am ) the only way to add a new pin on the iPhone app is with the camera .
It does suffer from the occasional `` unknown error '' that causes you to have to click two or three times , sometimes , but aside from that I love it .
misterlee51 , Just awesome information for all who want to know and see just great Pinterest ! ! !
It crashes in the middle of trying to pin things and every time it does you lose track of what you intended to pin due to the refreshing .
It keeps saying the problem is on your end .
Please fix the glitches .
Love , love , love , this app but I wish there was an easier way to refresh your pins for the people you re following .
I can t stop ! ! !
Learn a lot just from viewing the photos .
Inspiring , motivational , challenging ... everything you need in one place !
I can t stop searching for things to make .
It crashes constantly .
I spent an hour using it last night , thinking maybe I just had not not_given it not_enough of a chance , and had it crash at least 1 out of every 3 actions ( pinning , looking at pins , etc . ) .
My students can follow me , post pics of their own that relate somehow , and earn extra credit in the process .
Has anyone else out there experienced a scrolling problem with this app ?
\\nWhen I open up a pin I am not not_able to not_scroll the screen down to hit the back arrow .
\\nThe app needs to be closed down and reopened to work again .
It crashes , often when I click into a pin to see more details .
Who ever made it needs a raise !
Never crashes .
There is also a Humor tab for when you need a good laugh !
Good but has issues frequently when trying to repin things or even load new searches ,
I love that the pictures are easy to see and high quality , and that you can do all of the things with the app as you can on the web .
There are so many great ideas , it s so inspiring .
Very frustrating because the app crashes every few pins or so .
I totally recommend this app I ve found TONS of things to do with my kids and for home decor ! !
With the help of all the wonderful and crafty people on Pinterest , my husband , son and I made all our Christmas gifts this year !
Now I can t stop !
It has everything and anything you ever wanted to know about , great ideas !
There are so many great ideas and tips with Pinterest !
I strongly recommended you to download this app !
If I need any kind of idea , I can bet on Pinterest for some help !
I recommend Pinterest to everyone .
Very useful for inspiration , but there s a lot that needs to be fixed .
It s annoying that it follows unrelated images , and finding what you re looking for is more difficult than it needs to be , there also needs to be more personalization settings .
I love Pinterest but app is always crashing !
Everything u need to know about `` How To '' anything .
Seriously though , a lot of fun and a great way to plan an event or just waste time .
This is an easy way to find things you need .
Will make you forget a bad day and challenge you to try things you never not_thought you not_d try .
But I do occasionally have an issue with the site saying it can not not_find not_pins and just freezes , not not_allowing me to not_try a different task .
I love it BUT it crashes way too much !
I can t stop pinning !
Just wish you could save the ages to your device ,
Pinterest is the place to go when you need extra help of ideas for almost anything .
I am planning my wedding by using Pinterest .
Where would I be without it not_?
Once you start pinning you can t stop !
Hi I love this app even though I don t know how to use it to its max potential yet .
Just love this app .
I don t just pin it .
Keeps crashing a little here and there , but overall it s amazing and addictive !
On one site , you can learn so many things , get so many ideas , recipes , crafts , DIY s , , etc . etc..
It is quicker to find how to do something from someone that has actually done it ( and gives the instructions for ) than searching through your search engine .
It will suddenly just crash and kick you out .
It would be nice to get that bug worked out though ... thanks !
I really like having this app and use it almost daily .
Performs well & amp ; is particularly useful when searching/browsing through things you need ( eg : recipes , ideas , etc ) .
But it logs me out sometimes and says no not_posts not_available .
So far , no not_crashes or not_issues if any kind .
The easiest way to create idea boards .
This app is easy to use and provides great content !
The idea of Pinterest is amazing .
\\nWould like to figure out how to add comments some day ,
SmooveB1234 , I love this app , there are so many great things on here , but it crashes every time I open an article !
Haven t figured out how to add a pin through the iPhone app yet though .
\\n\\nWould have given it 5 stars but mobile app could have a bit more functionality for my tastes .
Only problem that I have is that it is WAY too addicting ! ! !
( : But I think the instructions for all the hair dos and such should be there , and easier to find .
I like it a lot , but it crashes a lot .
Just love all the ideas .
\\n\\nit crashes about every five minutes ( almost literally ) .
maybe this is just a problem *i* have experienced , but there is nothing worse than finding an amazing pin and having the app crash , losing that piece of inspiration/loveliness/knowledge to the black soul of the Pinterest void , never to not_be not_found again .
I can add what I like and view different ideas wherever I am ,
Please fix the issue with when looking at a pin larger it s not not_possible to not_go back !
Great app that just opens you up to so many ideas , recipes , interests that you may have or just took up .
Excellent , never not_crashes and not_easy to use .
I am helping my sister plan her wedding .
I created the board and we can both edit it .
Please stop this from happening , oh wonderful Pinterest app Gods !
I wish you could re pin without not_opening not_up the pin .
\\nAlso , crashes and/or freezes more than I like but not not_enough to not_make me stop using it .
Never Fails .
It is fun but it s confusing due to lack of proper instruction as to how to use properly .
JBooze , I love this app but if I use it too long or pin too many times it crashes .
Also when I take pins into the pinterest browser the app crashes almost every time : ( please please fix this !
Never had a problem with it ,
Just love it !
Great mobile version except sometimes it crashes and it drives me nuts !
Sometimes there s a pin I can t open or repin but otherwise very good app .
I m realistic , I may not not_be not_able to live up to all the lovely things that others do but I can certainly appreciate their effort .
I recommend this to any one ,
It helps you organize your online research since you can create folders by category .
Pinterest provides visual people the opportunity to take in a large number of images in rapid order , scan by interest and share .
I don t know what to do or how to use Pintrest at all .
My only problem is that the app closes unexpectedly sometimes .
Thanks for sharing everyone s great ideas !
\\nLearn how to bake , cook , garden , craft , build , design and make the world a better place without not_negativity .
Have recommended it to all my friends and they love it just as much as I do !
App is simple to use and does everything I need it to do .
Make sure you keep it up to date , and you shouldn t have any problems with it !
Has made , an found tons of idea that never not_failed an not_was always a hit ! ! !
The app crashes a lot , which can get annoying , especially when it happens when you re about to pin something from one of the categories you ve been browsing through , since it refreshes the list when you open the app again .
If this could possibly be fixed , the app would definitely have a 5 star rating from me !
I haven t had any major problems .
How do I get back to home ?
Works fine on my desktop , so it s definitely an iPad app problem .
I think it needs a filter to weed out duplicates since for example if you type in Outdoor Shower you will see a lot of the same ones over and over .
It never not_freezes or not_fails to work and has given me many great ideas !
But it crashes , please fix ! !
But , i get really annoyed when it crashes about every 10 minutes .
It s frustrating that the site gets slow and crashes .
Lots of ideas , recipes are great , can learn and refresh things you forgot about .
I quit looking at Pinterest because I can t read anything or see the pictures now .
CCRusch , It crashes and I have to restart it .
I love how you can view pins without not_losing your not_place within pinterest .
It s easy to use , and I haven t had any problems with it , other than spending too much time on pinterest .
However the app needs updating .
Please fix the crashes and sluggish speed .
This works great , no not_issues and the not_updates are the reason I give it 5 stars .
Unfortunately the app crashes CONSTANTLY ( even after I ve reset my phone multiple times ) .
Sometimes it has a few issues when trying to pin ... problems with their site .
It s also a great way to communicate your feelings with your partner or family cause it s easier to write down your emotions then it is to speak them I would recommend this ap to anyone that has problems expressing their emotions .
I love being able to pin when I m away from my computer , but it has been crashing A LOT lately .
What you would expect ,
If you like pictures and you like liking things and if you like re pinning pictures you liked to your own page feed do other people could see those pictures and like them and re pin them on their page feed then Pinterest is an app I bought on Tuesday .
I just don t like that with one bad move my search clears .
I love being able to pin my favorite fashion tips , recipes , and project ideas to refer to , when I need them !
locks up and I have to exit it multiple times before it works properly .
And , it would be nice if we could enlarge photos for viewing .
Nice to have when your away from your laptop , iPad when you need to refer to something on one of your boards or just great to have to look while waiting at a dr. Appt !
There are a few glitches that need to be worked out , but nothing too bad .
Please Please PLEASE fix this problem .
Great place to discuss and comment on MUT Players , how they play ?
The share is crashing on my phone but other than that ,
App crashes and is buggy .
Great at finding just wat I need ! ! !
Need to fix the glitch that drops a user off from time to time .
How did I ever get along without it not_? not_?
Not really sure what would work best , just some suggestions on what I d like to see in the future .
Naw , it also crashes on my i5 phone .
And I have been able to find whatever I need .
Love Pinterest but the mobile app need the ability to search ,
The only problem I have is sometimes it crashes , other than that its a good app .
I can t get enough , everyone should be pinning & lt ; 3 ,
I can t stop pinning .
Slick interface that requires very little , if any , guesswork .
I ve been learning so much how to organize and making food now .
Everything I need to find is on here ! ! !
One of my favorite apps but I hate that it crashes so often !
Very frustrating , especially when you are trying to look at a pin , it crashes before you get it saved and you can t find it again .
I also wish there was a way to rename my categories and move pins from one category to another without not_having to not_repin each item .
For example : I originally saved all home decor in one folder/category but realized now that I needed to break it down further ( bedroom , bath , kitchen etc . ) .
The only thing I wish was different , is that it stops at a certain point and you can t scroll down anymore .
Found what I needed ! ! !
Plus I have made tons of the recipes I have found and they have all been awesome !
Didn t have any problems .
I love how you can click on a pin and repin it and go back to your place without not_having to not_start over !
So many different things to share , just blows the mind .
Please fix the bugs , thank you !
This app crashes daily or shows the dreaded frown error message .
Awesome way to express yourself & amp ; learn how to be crafty !
Only problem is that pinning takes a bit longer than I would like and every 4 5 ill get some sort of error .
At fist I thought I wouldn t like it but I found some very interesting things and some pics I was looking for that I couldn t find anywhere else .
I thought I was crazy until I found out my friends were doing the same thing !
I have made a few recipes so far and my family has loved them , great way to share ,
It has everything I was missing in life .
Everything from pictures of the world to how to build a coffee table !
I just planned the rest of my life via Pinterest !
Love the app but hate that it crashes on me .
Please fix this in an update ! ! !
Thankful and happy I no longer not_need not_magazines , and any other means of a paper trail .
I recommend it .
What ever u need is on this site .
I should partially be happy that it crashes often so I can get some sleep .
Has a few bugs it needs to fix .
Everyone knows , right ?
Pinterest makes you want to learn about things you may/may not not_be even not_interested in & amp ; feel like you can actually become a pro @ it w/o the proper training or education .
I love the functionality of this app : how great is it to know where you put your researched `` great ideas '' ?
But lately it has been crashing and having weird technical problems .
Please fix it so I can keep pinning like crazy ( : ,
When I need to learn something .
When I need a creative idea .
When I need a good laugh .
Great submissions ... app does get overloaded sometimes though and crashes .
It s like oxygen ; I need it to exist !
I love pinterest , but it crashes to much , way to much , that s one BIG issue that needs a fixing .
The app rocks , I ve had no not_problems with it .
I forget the time next thing I know it s one AM .
Sometimes when I pin something the whole thing crashes , which is annoying .
I would have given it a five except it crashes often .
Jessamjm , Whether it s crafts , recipes , design ideas or just to pass some time , Pinterest has what I need !
I can find everything I need on it .
I love the website and concept , but the app crashes and freezes and I have to reinstall and turn my phone off and on again for it to reboot itself ,
My ONLY complaint is that when you are scrolling , it will freeze up on you and you have to wait a few seconds before you can scroll again .
I recommend the app anyway , because it isn t that big of a deal .
Great app but needs to flow and be more like the full site ,
The ideas are endless ! !
There are great ideas that I never not_would have not_come up with on my own .
There are so many great ideas on Pinterest ,
I just love this app .
I like this app , but I wish it would allow me to move pins to different folders without not_completely not_repinning them .
I only wish I could create pins on my iPhone .
I only gave it 3 stars because it crashed so much that is frustrating .
Sometimes I m able to get back to where I left when the app crashed but most of the times I have to start a new search .
There is no way to not_contact not_Pinterest about this .
Please fix this .
If you love Pinterest then you need to download this free app .
I wish there was a better way to organize your pins by being able to Move them to a different folder without not_repinning .
I am planning my wedding and I truly believe that because of pinterest it is going to the wedding of my dreams .
Just wish you could see your whole board..especially when you are out and about and need to reference it ,
It has crashed on me a couple of times , so I can t give it 5 stars , but other than that , no not_complaints !
I have issues with it and it fun !
It helps me plan my wedding & amp ; home decor .
The only issues is it gets as addicting as if I were using it on the computer .
\\nAnd you can actually get really good ideas from this ! ! !
Great app to help you get different ideas and you can find out how to do anything step by step : ) ,
Pinterest is often blossoming and the ideas are infinite !
\\nAfter joining and learning how to pin , it was amazing how many great ideas and inspirations I found .
The only issue I have with it is it freezes and closes itself out .
I d recommend this to people of all ages .
Such a great place to learn how to do great things .
I also like how easy it is to post a pin on facebook too .
It crashes occasionally from time to time .
\\nThe only thing that would be cool to figure out a way to do would to pin things from other sites .
I WILL say that I am not not_completely not_sure if it is Pinterest that `` crashes '' or if my iPhone just can not not_support the not_APP for as long as I use it .
What is FaceBook ? ?
When I tried the search with Pinterest I found everything I needed in just a few minutes !
I just love this idea !
The app seams to be crashing a lot on my iPad mini needs update ! ! !
Every time I start reading something interesting it crashes ! ! !
Please fix it though .
Please allow editing of boards and pins in near future ! !
This was a great idea .
I have been using Pinterest since the beginning but just got the app .
Great to use if you need ideas for just about anything .
Ave11618 , The app crashes a lot !
Great it needs the same editing allowances as online .
This app has crashed every time I ve used it since I updated .
Though the app crashes sometimes , it s still good to access profile and enjoy what Pinterest has to offer .
It s pages upon pages of brilliant chaos that you get to organize in whatever way makes sense to you .
One think that bugs me is when I m using the app randomly just closes .
Doesn t matter if I use my phone of iPod , please fix this .
I have not not_had not_any problems and seems much easier to use then the website itself !
You can create your own personal boards to place pictures for future reference .
So easy and simple to use you don t need any instruction .
Just download this stunning app and create a totally free account .
it s amazing but it crashes sometimes and when uploading a pin , the cropping doesn t turn out the way you want it to ,
I can t stop ,
I have had very few problems with it .
I love the ability to see new ideas and recipes at a glance , but after working thru pin after pin for 45 minutes and still can t find how to make something it really irritates me .
I think the main issue is that the site is so data heavy that the app crashes .
Do not not_look at not_pinterest late at night , or you will never not_get to not_bed !
Go to it every time I need a recipe or idea for anything !
It would be excellent if u made a `` search '' bar for us to weed through all the awesome stuff as we are looking for one certain thing .
On my iPad , it will just shut down .
I love the setup of this app , but it is always crashing and having errors .
April87 , Said it was having issues on their end logging in .
Everyone that even has the slightest amount of creative talent needs Pinterest !
Love having pinterest everywhere I go but app has issues .
It always seems to be having errors and connection problems .
Rarely crashes and love the layout ,
Pinterest has definitely become a precious daily habit I can t I won t live without !
With unbelievably creative and on trend ideas , products , projects & amp ; pics , this site had become the go to site for the app savvy crowd whether seeking a recipe , starting a DIY home project , planning their next vacation or just needing something to smile about .
And the way it is organized ( the app into various categories that seemingly leave nothing out ; and the user choosing among the fray and `` pinning '' their selections onto a their own specified `` inspiration board '' system ) is ingenious .
Wth57 , So when I added the app I was asked to choose photos , wasn ttold why and none of which I really liked after going through hundreds .
Tell me why I should like this ?
Haven t figured out how to get my knitting pattern `` unpinned '' from my `` food '' board , and onto my `` knitting '' board that kind of stuff \\n\\nBut Pinterest is fun and inspirational to see all the creativity , great recipes and great ideas in this world ! !
Why did I wait so long to sign up ?
We just need a way to message users ! !
Overall still a great site , I just don t like the app setup ,
But the app crashes pretty often .
The only problem is I could sit here doing this for hours and waist my entire day ! !
I am fairly good a figuring out how to use apps but this one has me stumped .
I recently shattered my iPhone back and found instructions on how to replace it myself on here !
It s incredible what you can find on Pinterest !
I have to give myself a time limit because it s very easy to fall down the rabbit hole ! ! !
And I won t recommend it to my friends .
My biggest complaint ( hence the 3 stars ) is there is no way to not_edit not_pins or move pins to other boards .
Susie , VA , It s addictive but it crashes fairly often , and some of the recipes lead only to a picture and not the not_recipe in the not_food/drink section .
BUT it needs to fix its crashing on the iPad and iphone sooo bad that it frustrates me to the point that I stop using it sometimes !
Either way , this is annoying , frustrating , and disappointing to say the least .
Wish I could figure out how to pin things from Safari on my iPhone .
I think it could be an OS issue with my iPad ( it s a 1st gen ) but I have a new iPhone 5 so I can t explain it here .
It s easy to use and provides hours of useful entertainment !
Soooooo glad they finally made an app for this , ,
I think the problem is it is set up to be helpful but it seems to just offer more options and I can t get to all the meat stuff I keep hearing about .
I definitely use this everyday and never have not_any not_issues .
There are so many ideas to share and like !
A few bugs in this version ( like when searching , keyboard minimizes after typing 1 letter ) but Pinterest is awesome otherwise .
My pins when and where I need them .
I could literally use this app for hours and not not_lose not_interest .
Pinterest is addicting and has replaced google for me : ) all the websites and blogs I need to find can be found on pinterest .
I really reccomend this to anyone who needs ideas or wants to be creative : ) ,
The last major update they made really helped make it more user friendly .
I have learned how to do so much , thanks to Pinterest !
Everything that I could do at my desktop is available on this app .
Want this app to be great but crashes a lot .
In the short time I ve had the app it has helped me plan a wedding , become a great cook and given me thousands of decorating ideas that I would never have not_imagined !
Great app ... but crashes often ,
Great for everything I ever need ! ! !
Love it but it has been crashing lately !
It usually loads pretty fast so the app is a good one to use when waiting or when you have nothing else to do .
There are occasional bugs , but few in comparison to how much I use it .
\\n\\nOne small improvement needed would be nice to have more than three private boards .
Lately , just as I m preparing to pin , it crashes , and I lose what I consider valuable information .
I like the app aside from the fact that it constantly crashes on me and there have been no not_updates to not_fix it ,
I adore Pinterest , however I prefer it on my computer because the app drains battery faster than any other app I ve ever used , and crashes frequently which can be a huge bummer when you find something you REALLY want to pin .
Highly recommend it !
Haven t had any problems .
And I m so glad they made the app for the iPad they just need some updating on that one then everything would be perfect .
I m my sister s matron of honor , we are states apart , with sharing our boards , we can plan her wedding as if we were seeing each other every day .
I don t think I ve ever logged on to Pinterest on my PC because I can do everything I need to do right from the app .
If you don t like looking for everything in one place and then posting it to your own `` board '' to ever to at any time then you need to check out Pinterest !
I had this app in the past but they have definitely made some much needed updates .
Well made app .
You should have this already .
I just love it !
I have yet to see it fail me and I doubt I ever will .
Please have this fixed .
It crashes ( iphone4 lastest OS ) , you can not not_zoom in on not_images , you can not not_easily not_save many images ( why , when browsers let you ? )
Please fix it before I go insane .
It would be great if you did not have to not_click not_twice to get to the site if touching picture once would take you straight there .
This app is wonderful on my 4s , with one exception , it completely crashes on a regular basis , that in itself is very annoying because I lose where I was looking though pictures or whatever .
Just download it .
I always get a `` sorry that failed '' or whatever .
I am house bound terminal and I found the art of QUILLING , omg I so love doing it , Ty to all who post ideas ! ! ! !
When I use the app for even 5 minutes it crashes .
You can find anything you need here ! ! !
However , it has been crashing on me the past few weeks !
I can t pin , see who is following pins or pretty much can t do any thing but view the pics !
Recipes how to s , you name it ! !
I have made several things from there and will continue to make things off there , thank you who ever developed it ! ! !
There are so many interesting ideas here .
You have to get this app .
Can find how to do anything or ideas for a wide variety of interests .
I was having trouble pinning in a web browser so I downloaded the app and haven t had a problem since !
I just love it .
You can find great ideas for any interest you might have .
Highly recommend it .
Only thing is that it is continuously crashing , kicks me out spontaneously , and always authenticating .
If you want to find out how to do or make something , look no not_further .
Love this app it s easy and great ideas .
Just dislike the crashing issue .
It seems all the features of the full site are readily available in app .
The only issues I have encountered are trying to add new pins from the in app browser and creating new boards from the pinning screen .
I highly recommend Pinterest for any craft lover .
How am I just now on Pinterest ? ?
I am totally missing sleep because I can not not_put not_down my iPad .
So many great ideas that I can t wait to try !
My only issue is that it freezes when scrolling sometimes .
I need to step away from it sometimes because I could look and pin and like all day !
I need to start giving myself `` Pinterest Time Limits '' .
However , on the iPad it does randomly crash and close the application which means you have to go back and find whatever you were looking at .
Sometimes my pins/repins don t show up properly or it says `` no more not_pins not_available '' especially on my app .
Does Pinterest really need my rating at this point ?
It remembers your place , so you can switch from your friends pins to popular pins and back without not_having to not_scroll through the same content .
Best app out there , all you can ever what in an app , everything you want to know about anything !
I love to use Pinterest on my computer , but have had frequent problems with the app version crashing repeatedly .
I m not not_sure not_how to work Pinterest .
It is incredible how many good ideas you can find on Pinterest !
I like it but the iPad app can t do everything that can do on desktop ,
I love this app , but it randomly crashes after about 15 20 minutes .
It crashes constantly .
However , now I have to figure out how to fund all these projects !
I need a craft sponsor , lol !
Just love everything about it .
The new ideas in every category are endless ,
We have already made a lot of projects with inspiration from ideas on Pinterest : ) ,
iPad app I d definitely better than iPhone but it still crashes at times , other times the list to choose what board I want to pin to does allow me to check from all my boards .
Had a little trouble adding things from Internet .
This app works well , never not_freezes , not_never crashes and always shows me Amazing things !
Also I can t figure out how to install the Pinterest applet in my mobile Safari ( would mostly use on my tablet to pin new items from the internet ) .
I m sure there is a way but I haven t figured it out .
Just wish the iPad app didn t require you to click the item then repin then close it .
The App is nice ... only problem I have is when I m searching for something after I type the first letter the keyboard goes away its quote annoying !
My only complaint is more of the pins lately are spam or leads to magazine you have to have a subscription to .
They just need to work out the bugs on it saying it has a hiccup and won t bring up what you are looking for .
This is a great one , I am on it all the time the only thing you can t manage settings like to delete or private folders but still works great !
There are so many cool & amp ; clever ideas ! !
Highly suggest all women and teens to get this app !
App crashes every 5 minutes .
I like the program and it makes pinterest available on my iPad but it is sort of buggy for me .
It will work for a bit but shutdown randomly now and again .
I have an iPad first gen so it might be an issue confined to that , but it is a bit frustrating to work around .
Oh it would also be nice if the Internet search had a memory of where you last were so if you accidentally navigate away from the search .
You can find everything from how to organize your house , new fashion , to what to cook for dinner .
Perfect way to never not_forget not_anything and gather it in one place .
Does crash occasionally , but overall very user friendly .
I try to resist getting sucked in ... .but it is an enjoyable waste if time !
And the home decor ideas are phenomenal !
But it is always crashing on me , several times in one sitting which is very frustrating .
Specifically that the I phone gives you a button to repin from the main search page while in the iPad app you have to go directly into the pin to repin ... It s an extra step that obviously isn t necessary if you ve figured out a way to get rid of it on the other app !
KTM1107 , Virtually everything you ve ever wanted to know about fashion , fabulous recipes , inspiring words , incredible photography , and dazzling art can be found on Pinterest .
The programmers working with Pinterest need to work on the app crashing constantly .
Aside from the ridiculous , every other time I open this app WHYISITASKINGMETOSIGNINAGAINWHENIALREADYHAVEMYUSENAMEANDPASSWORDSETTOAUTOMATICALLYLOGIN junk and the freezing where you got ta shut it down or it closes right before you get to Pin literally THEE BEST PIN you could ever find and your sure that since your app crashed , it will never not_be not_found on Pinterest or even on the Internet EVER AGAIN , this app is utterly amazing !
I still use it this way but it is ONLY when I NEED something .
It sometimes crashes but they are good at seeding updates that tends to fix the problem .
It would be nice to allow multiple profiles .
I love this app and use it daily , however , it would be much better if an edit or delete option were available for pins .
Also , it does occasionally crash , but opens fine again without not_any not_issues .
Tons of ideas for literally everything you ll ever need ! !
A few months ago this app would crash constantly .
Has so many links for helping find what I need and wanted for my wedding idea ! ! !
I need to be able to create a new secret board from the app .
Works just like the online version !
If you have a thought and need some good ideas , here it is !
Lots of ideas but can t stand pay to teacher selling .
Who needs magazines ever again !
Works just like web site .
Glad I can use this sitting on my couch watching tv ,
Easy to use and easy to access when you need to get to your boards !
Only thing I can t find my hidden board on here , prob not not_looking in not_right place though !
I had previously rated this app as a 5 but it crashes often .
There are a few glitches that need to be fixed then I will love it again !
Overall I like Pinterest it just needs some changes .
I like Pinterest but the app needs some tweaking .
But on the iPad , looking at Pinterest through the browser is a pain because it seems like you have to touch things several times to select or enlarge them .
The screen size on my iPhone ( 4s for those who need to know , but honestly this has to do with the width of the phone rather than the length and all iPhones are the same width ) makes it much too tiny to identify what s going on in each pin !
System seems to still have some bugs .
More fun than eating chocolate cake ... out of a mason jar ... on a chair made of pallets ... .while you plan your wedding .
Love it , just to browse .
App is great , but sometimes have issues with connection and the app quitting .
As a person who longs to be creative , but needs that extra little help this site is amazing .
But you can t watch videos in the app since the last update .
I can t stop thinking about all the creative ideas I have thanks to this app !
Holidays , party planning everything is so much easier with all the great ideas and recipes on Pinterest .
Helps me plan my wedding to get ideas ,
I didn t think I would use this as much as I do now I m addicted !
I do wish there was a way to arrange pins within a folder .
It would be better if you could `` flip '' through the pins in a board instead of having to return to board to get to the next pin to view .
Anytime you need a a tutorial on how to make something ( food , crafts , makeup , hair , etc ) , you can find it on here .
Very easy to figure out how to work !
As if I needed another `` crafty '' addiction !
Never had any problems .
\\nit crashes all the time on both the iPhone and iPad app : ( \\n\\nThe images often take a long time to load as you scroll down the page .
My only complain is that it crashes on occasion .
Use it to plan everything from school lesson to my upcoming wedding !
Can you add secret boards to the app please ?
I was on Pinterest for several months but didn t do anything with it until recently when a friend showed me how to pin .
Now I can t stop .
Although..i will admit I do not not_post not_very manny things , I love looking and getting ton of great new ideas !
But I do feel the app could use some work .
And it would be cool if we could search for pins within our millions of personal pins !
Love going on here when I need new ideas .
Love the concept , but don t like that it crashes so much ,
Having an option to do a random follow might be okay but there is no way to not_get not_rid of this junk .
Even if the idea is so you see how it works , let me unfollow these random things .
Everyone should have this app !
I haven t had any problems with the app .
Also why is the Pin It function/icon on my task bar an ugly white Microsoft document default page ? ?
Sometimes the app fail but it s a great app ,
Everyone Is hooked and it is `` a good thing '' as Martha Stewart would say ! ! !
I have made and tried several things off this site and I love it all !
Just wish the iPhone app was as easy as the full site .
I just love it !
Everything you need and more creative ideas !
Pinterest has gotten a lot better since it managed to fix its bugginess .
Also it would be nice to see dates on pins and also on comments .
Oh and you should be able to tag someone in a pin that you want them to see .
How did we ever share ideas before it existed ?
Took me a while to figure out how to use the browser within the app , perhaps not the not_most not_intuitive !
Ridiculous interface requires you to `` pull down '' each image in order to go back to the photo stream .
Sometimes it does and well sometimes it doesn t. And lately it hasn t. Please fix this .
I have emailed etc . and it s still not not_fixed .
Works well and never have not_problems not_: ) ,
Vix107654 , Love browsing for things I need and finding things I never not_knew not_about .
It s a great app that helps people who are on the go that needs some inspiration or new ideas for DIY projects .
I haven t had any problems using this app .
It s also great for when you need a good laugh .
So easy to use and I have never not_had an not_issue !
It shows you how to do some arts & amp ; crafts .
So many great ideas for your home , moms , fashion , decorating , cooking basically everything you can think of .
I have issues with it freezing a lot but it s completely worth it ,
Please improve the app , I have such a pinterest addiction and I really want to be able to pin while I m bored in class lol ,
The ideas are endless and I have tried different things with great results !
It just drops your site and closes app ALL the time .
There s things that could be fixed , but over all it s great !
This version of the app is a huge improvement over the last one , but it is still slow to load at times and I get `` errors '' a lot .
Hate that it crashes periodically : ( ,
Less crashes than before .
The app works so much better now they have made some updates .
If only there was a way to use the Internet to waste hours and hours each day . . . ,
I have already made a couple if recipes I found here that were delicious .
Great ideas , the only drawback is its addicting !
What did we do without not_pintrest not_?
I definitely recommend it .
Love the app except there are a few bugs that make the app crash on my system .
This is a great app it could use some more order inside the app , but it s great ,
I love Pinterest , but the app crashes quite a bit .
Finally got a way to use Pinterest with this app ... phone and iPod was not not_working not_well with their apps .
Can you please fix it .
Just need the time to actually do the projects/ideas .
Best app ever to update you on everything !
I wish I could have folders within each board .
So say in my Holidays Board I could add Christmas .
I didn t know what I was missing but now I can t live without not_this not_app ,
My only issue is that it defaults to the `` following '' view .
Cute ideas fun crafts and funny pics you can t go wrong ,
I wish you could pin from the internet but other than that it s great ! !
I love this app but it crashes about every 5 min on my iPad !
Please fix this !
I only gave it 3 stars because it crashes and it s extremely annoying .
I really like this but the app crashes all the time .
It just blows me away with new ideals ,
The only problems I have with it is that it malfunctions often and that when I try to go to some of the information that is pinned , I can not not_find it .
Every time i try to repin something , it crashes .
Please fix this issue .
BUT I can not not_tag not_friends in descriptions which drives me insane & amp ; I can not not_figure not_out ( if there is this feature ) how to upload your own image for a pin directly from your phone .
If I need an idea for a gift or anything this is the place to go .
Crafts , photos , food , hair , etc . there s nothing you can t find here !
Shea , It s a really great app , it just force closes a lot .
It s seriously so fun and you can find all the greatest things on one site/app it s not just not_like the not_Internet , you will find so many great things you d never not_find not_browsing the net !
I love Pinterest , but it would be cool if it didn t crash EVERY single time I use it .
Please fix this , thank you .
The only problem is not not_enough not_time to cook , shop and do all the crafts .
No mores file folders full of clippings you can t find when you need them .
Pinterest helped me plan my wedding , creatively gift my Christmas , and us helping me get my house decorated one project at a time : ) it s brilliant ,
My only concern is sometimes when I need to pin something to a different board it is either NOT there or it gets stuck on a board .
I need more hours in the day !
\\nHowever , my iPad version crashes often or won t load pins .
The only problem is it spontaneously closes .
Please update and add new features to be able to change profile like warn me when I double pin and easier to delete likes like being able to delete in multiples instead of one by one .
It s a awesome app but it shuts down vary often so it needs to be fixed ,
Easy to use and please don t change it .
It provides hours and hours of fun looking at so many subjects and fabulous ideas to be able to categorize in one place .
Everyone should use pinterest .
It s difficult to navigate and simply provides a list of things friends have pinned .
I can t e asking for too much if I m addicted to Pinterest enough that I need an app for it .
Just love it !
Save paper save a trip if I forget things .
I use it like google ... anything you need to know , you can find it on Pinterest ! ! ! !
I gave it 4 stars only because there is no not_direct not_way to upload a photo from your library .
When you click on the camera it s confusing because it seems like you need to take a picture .
I would never not_had not_known if I didn t just keep clicking away .
Only down side is I get errors probably 1 3 times a week about an error while pinning !
Just get it .
But it tends to crash sometimes .
Just a couple bugs now and then is my only complaint .
Nice app that doesn t like instagram , just press the download button and enjoy it .
However , I need to rearrange some of my pins so it would be great if I could do that .
I would never not_be not_able to find all theses sifting through the sites on the web .
Everything I ve ever wanted to know on sooo many levels .
I love this app but it always crashes : ( please fix that .
I can t always view all pins on my iPhone , though .
s my water free play , My daughters showed me how to use Pinterest and I just love all the ideas people post .
The ideas shared on here are the greatest !
I wish I had Pinterest when I planned my wedding .
I am thankful for Pinterest on those nights I can t sleep !
And it would be nice to be able to zoom in on pictures .
The only thing is I wish you could change your profile picture on your phone !
Best app you could have on your phone !
there are so many great ideas and recipes ,
This is the place to break any creative blocks you might have .
I can find a dinner idea while at the grocery store , or a gift idea for a friend , learn how to make my house look designer fab for pennies .
Other than the fact that it crashes quite often , I m totally addicted to this site !
Some trouble figuring out how to get from place to place .
It never not_crashes on my not_iPhone ( whereas it crashes on the iPad occasionally ) .
Good app had the occasional bugs but developers seem to fix it quickly .
You have to get it .
Endless ideas of whatever you want to know or in the mood for .
I always find something that sparks my interest , or that just completely baffles me with how someone came up with an idea .
Pinterest is a great working app that you can take with you anywhere !
It sometimes crashes , but not not_often not_enough to really bother me .
But don t love that the app will freeze and can t repin some stuff .
It is so versatile and allows you to take what others post and make it your own .
Wish it crashed less .
My only complaint is the frequent crashes .
I d give it 5 , but it crashes too often .
This is an awesome app for great ideas or to learn how to do something or even pass the time !
Takes a few tries to learn how to browse but overall a great app ,
Love it , keeps my electronic hoarding organized , do wish there was a way to search my own boards ,
It has everything you d like to know and see .
It can provide ideas to help your family bond .
This app is amazing : ) I definitely recommend downloading it after getting this app I promise you will become obsessed ,
It is still a 5/5 star app , there is just one minor thing , I wish there was a way to scroll through the enlarged pins without not_having to not_go back each time .
There are so many cool ideas out there .
A pure genius made Pinterest I know it ! !
I can see how this could be addicting , good thing I only have 5 Gigs a month , that will force me to keep it down .
Never crashed never not_had a not_problem !
Once you start you can t put it down !
I definitely recommend this app for all those that like to think outside the box .
I just wish there were a way to pin from websites with the app .
I like having Pinterest in the palm of my hand !
After I open a few websites it crashes ! ! !
I get ideas , loves , how to s. And the best part is I don t spend any money doing it !
\\n\\nThe only thing I have not not_yet not_figured out is how to change my interest .
\\n\\nInitially I did not not_know not_what they meant when they asked me to pick some pictures ... so I just picked anything .
Love seeing all the neat creative things so many ideas to explore this site is the best ,
Please fix this , it requires login every single time .
I do hate when it crashes and boots me out only to start at the very beginning again and not not_take me not_back to where I was .
I have soo many pins , sometimes I can t easily find what I need .
This is the BEST app out there where you can share but do not have to not_listen to not_things about people s lives you just don t care about .
And now there is random porn throughout Pinterest ?
What did I ever do without not_Pinterest not_?
But the app crashes constantly .
I am an addict for this site and was so pleased to have the app available for my iPad ! !
If I need to find something crafty quick , Pintrest is the app I go to ! !
I used to think I needed a matriarch in the family to teach me about all the tricks of running a home but Pinterest has made it possible for me to learn so many valuable things that I never not_would have not_otherwise .
I tell everyone that they need to get connected with pintrest !
Haven t had any problems so far .
I can t figure out how to edit or delete from the app .
I love the fact that I can create my own dream book and share it with other people ,
I love that there are so many great pins and ideas , from DIY projects to recipes and everything in between !
I forget my troubles while browsing Pinterest .
I highly recommend it !
Only problem is the random glitches that won t allow the user to like or repin something .
But the errors need to be fixed !
There are home remedies , wedding ideas , ideas for teaches and recipes for everything under the sun .
it deserves a five if the recipes were available on all the entries .
several pins I had flagged were not not_available with not_contents or instruction .
I like having this app in a store when I am wanting to shop for crafts and meals .
Everything is right here ! !
KALENA BUSBY , Please fix the crashes .
s Kitchen , I enjoy looking at all of the posts , however I have had issues loading my own photos .
This has made my Pinterest addiction even worse ,
There are so many great recipes , ideas and pictures on Pinterest .
Can t stop pinning ! ! ! ! ! !
The app still has its bugs .
I hate the hidden bar at the top frequently freezes and won t drop down , so there is no way to not_navigate not_back .
I got the new iPhone and updated the app but the problem continues .
Too many crashes !
Please fix this !
You just can t stop looking at it !
Hope the crashing could be fixed asap .
: ) \\n\\nI think it s been more than a month using Pinterest and still very pleased .
When I am traveling or bored waiting somewhere , this app has kept me entertained and in many ways made good use of my time .
Love just needs to load faster ,
I can t believe all the great ideas are on this site , I m addicted !
Which might not not_be not_such a great thing for me but I still love it nonetheless .
Sometimes the pins lead to broken links or I can t figure out where to buy something but besides that I am totally addicted !
Keep it up , please ! !
Please fix the crashes , and add a drag n drop feature for easier reorganization when new boards are created , instead of having to repin to the new board then deleting from the old one .
This is a great app and website if you re ever bored and need something to do .
When you get on this app you will literally have to pry yourself away from it to get off of it , it s that addicting !
Has the best ideas , for fitness how to put out fits together .
Homes ideas & amp ; I love the recipes people post ; ) the one thing they really need to control is how many times things are re pined .
10 20 of those same things could be used for new items ! !
The worlds ideas are amazing , we are truly one of kind .
Definitely recommend getting this app .
Well , it is potentially a great app , if people would actually use helpful tags .
It provides something that sparks the interest for anybody !
There are so many things on here that make you want to have a creative mind , healthy lifestyle , cute home , budget friendly things , adorable wardrobe .
I absolutely love Pinterest and recommend it to friends at every opportunity .
I have had my iPad looked at and no not_problems have not_been found , but I have read on the app site that others have had the same problems .
Again , love your site , please work out bugs !
I just need the better iPad app ,
I love this site and am pretty happy with the app except I wish I could add via web link instead of just uploading photos .
I just wish that here , and on the computer , you could flip thru the pictures on a board without not_having to not_go back to the board after each one .
Frankly Pinterest has made an impact on my lifestyle .
Great ideas from recipes to decorating or just learning something new .
Love this app so far the only problem I have is that I have to long in Every time I get out & amp ; every once in a while it freezes ; ( other then that is a great app for ideas .
I no longer not_need to not_buy bridal magazines , DIY magazines , or even cookbooks .
This is great just don t want my friends to know I have it .
Now I just need an app to give me more time and money to actually get everything I pin accomplished : ) ,
But it crashes WAY too much !
Love this site , but really wish there was more information on how to achieve results ,
It s just like a tumblr with posting pictures a all , and by the way if you like this app I recommend tumblr also !
But I love how you can follow and create only certain parts of a blog like dogs or weddings so you only follow the parts of a blog you like !
It tends to crash often , however .
This is the best site ever for everything especially for the `` how to '' crafts , fashion , and most important the fun recipes !
They just have all the cool stuff I m looking for in one !
One question how do I pin things I see on my iPhone s Safari browser to my boards ?
also crashes quite a but but other than that I enjoy the app .
App still has issues with not not_loading not_pins that have been uploaded through the camera .
I m planing my wedding and was not not_sure not_what I was looking to do , then my mom told me about Pinterest and it is all coming together with everything in one place , it s been making putting my wedding a breeze .
Thanks to this app I was able\\nTo find how to do sugar and salt scrubs for Christmas .
It has improved greatly and the usability issues are fixed .
Next , Pinterest , please make a way for us to pin items from safari on our phones ! ! !
The app is great but crashes and has bugs fairly often : / ,
It s easy to search & amp ; find different topics but its not not_intuitive on not_how to `` pin '' to my own board .
My friend finally explained that I needed to `` repin '' it & amp ; this would not not_remove not_from the original poster s board .
Some things should be taken with a grain of salt , but on the whole it s great .
Pinterest has everything I need from fashion and food to DIY !
Plus how to organize my cleaning supplies .
I made Pinterest bags for our daughters for Christmas .
Has tons of pics you can pin ,
What is the point in pinning things if I can only view ten things off of my board of 400 ?
Please fix that id love to go back and see my recipes !
Also , it needs to be easier to pin items from all websites and file them .
I would like to see a `` drag and drop '' feature .
Very cool and adictive just love ir ,
Easy to use , seamless updates when on pc .
The ideas are so inspiring !
Love the app but it continually crashes ! !
Just need to learn how to move things around when I post them wrong .
The only problem is the app crashes all the time !
s Wife , Most of the time I love it , but it would be nice if you could make pictures larger and look at your boards in landscape mode .
I LOVE Pinterest and I love this app , but it only works for about 5 minutes and then it crashes .
Got ta say it does crash the brain lol ,
It s a great app and I love it but could have better features to it .
Maybe there is a way and I haven t figured it out yet .
Use Pinterest all the time , but often crashes : ( ,
I just wish the site wouldn t crash when I m on my iPad .
Never have had any problems with it !
Everyday I have something new to show my husband when he gets home from work .
Although I can t make everything I find , the ideas are wonderful .
Only thing i don t care for is how is that I can t pin directly from the home page .
I just love it !
I love that they give you just a thumbnail to a website and then you can choose to view that website and fine even more !
Great app never not_crashes ,
Pinterest is great and there are likely hundreds of awesome projects and creative ideas I have saved there , BUT I hate that there is no way to not_edit not_categories at all .
I always find what I need .
Only problem is sometimes it gets stuck on news and I m unable to get back to another page .
I get many ideas for holidays , reuse of many of my household items that I just let sit around , and new meals to cook for my family .
Now that Pinterest is available on my iPad , I have absolutely NO complaints about this app other than I have a ridiculously hard time leaving it alone ! !
Since my update to iOS 6 , Pinterest crashes when browsing for longer than five minutes .
There must be an alga rhythm where it anticipates my interests based on my likes but I m wondering if there was a way to be able to x what I don t like that comes up during the Exploring by therefore magnifying my interests even more .
You have to hold down the photo and wait til the x appears and the apps start shaking .
However , it crashes and closes automatically here and there and sometimes the pins I selected `` like '' on do not not_appear in my not_profile .
Sometimes I will try to hit the back button and the app closes itself .
Anyone know why it did this ? ?
\\nI don t know if re pin is how I m supposed to pin things correctly , nut I didn t see a button that just says pin .
Never have a problem getting on here .
Not only have I been able to creatively imagine many new projects , but my plans have become more practical and concrete as I have begun to spend my hard earned cash to put into place ideas that were once sketchy .
I recommend it to everyone .
I can t stop finding things I want to try out or learn : ) its like collecting hobbies !
I love all the ideas for home remedies and how to do things on a tight budget .
Absolutely no not_complaints not_other tan it crashes occasionally but by then I ve spent so much time on Pinterest that I really should take a break anyways !
I just love Pinterest , I have come across so many cool ideas .
I really like this app , but I would like it even more if it had a search function .
The `` save pic '' feature almost Never works and it isn t as easy to navigate as it used to be . : ( ,
Love it just wish all the links worked !
Sometimes I can use the app for 5 10 min before it crashes but normally I only get 2 3 min before it crashes on me .
I just did this so it wouldn t ask me to again .
Please fix this .
One can make as many boards that you can think of & amp ; keep track of many idea & amp ; more .
No matter what you need to find you will likely come across just the thing you were looking for .
Only problem is I spend too much time on it ,
I have had no not_problems .
The only problem is that it won t load sometimes and quits on me .
I just wish I could have everything I pin !
Pinterest helps me create my vision boards .
Love the content but crashes a lot on iPad ,
It just crashes occasionally so I just launch it again and keep on surfing .
LOVE but SO disappointed with it crashing so much recently ! ! !
You get to post the things you like and the others get to share their ideas with you .
I wish I could add recipes I have that do not have a not_URL .
Helped me plan my wedding , make dinners for my new husband and find activities for our new baby .
There are so many great ideas and it is a useful source for information .
So it s not not_like you have to not_feel like you are `` stealing '' an idea .
I have found all my best make up products and secrets that have made me one happy girl !
So many ideas and creativity are on Pinterest .
I just love it ! !
ShellySLP , I honestly enjoy gathering recipes , categorizing them & amp ; having one place to go to when I need them .
Several things could be tweaked with this app to make it even better though .
Easier than the website , but app crashes a lot .
I suggest this app for EVERYONE .
I had it in my other phone and it did not not_work not_nearly as well .
I gave it 3 stars because it has an error message that pops up frequently and then you can t get to the site you re trying to view .
Only problem is the app crashes 99 % of the time when going to third party link !
There are so many creative ideas in one place , you can spend days on here !
I like it when it works , but it crashes often .
Another update and still crashing .
In the last hour the app has crashed 9 times .
As I have said in the past '' all you need is the desire to cook , and know how to read .
The ideas that you get from pinterest is amazing .
Only to get to the store and forget the list of what you need !
Whenever I need motivation or inspiration I click into Pinterest and gather some great and innovative ideas !
I can t stop pinning !
The only reason I did not not_give it not_5 stars is because it constantly crashes .
It s very easy to navigate , pin , and do everything that you can do on the actual website ! !
No need to bookmark or print pages any more .
I would give it five stars but at least once every 5 or 10 minutes it will close out on its own and I lose the pin I was on or where I was browsing .
If your a girl you should have this ! !
What do I do ?
My only hiccup is that occasionally you can not not_connect with the not_sites that were originally pinned .
Easy to share pics with friends never not_had an not_issue with it ,
Like lays potato chips once you start you can t stop !
Please fix it so it stops crashing I ve downloaded it many time on different devices and it still crashes please fix it ,
I might have a problem ,
It was working fine but then I went on it and every time I try to upload a picture the whole app just shuts down ,
The app could use some work but overall it s a great website !
I am not a not_craft not_person so I am looking forward to start new ideas soon .
I really like how you can now change the captions on re pins .
It is my `` go to '' app when I want to know how to do something or need a recipe .
it seems alright i just made my account but i would like the ability to upload pictures from my iPod onto Pinterest because thats where all my good stuff is ,
The creators of this app should be given a hug and a high five !
Haven t figured out how to add the Pin It bug to my browser .
There are several times though that pins are expired or don t work or it crashes .
I want to give it 3.5 stars because of how often it crashes .
I Wouldn t recommend it for people who pin 100 s of things at once bc of the number of times it will crash on you .
\\nSome days it crashes hard and often but usually a reboot on my end sorts that out efficiently .
Can we please fix the forced close issue ? !
Olivia_Styles23 , I absolutely adore Pinterest but sometimes it crashes for no not_reason not_: ( please fix this , it s the only reason I m not not_giving it not_five stars .
It would be nice if the app had the `` scroll to the top '' like the desktop version does .
There are a few usability issues related to the pinning of pictures off of other websites .
Additionally It would be nice to not have to not_fill not_out the description part/caption on each pin .
You will find that many people just put nonsense instead of a coherent .
Follow their link and it just takes me to my home page .
No idea how to find what they pinned .
I scrolled for a very long time and finally just gave up and selected some pictures that might interest me .
I just don t like Pinterest ,
It s an endless resource limited only by what you can t think of !
Great but does often crash when looking at external links .
You are missing out if you don t download it right now ! !
Never had any problems out of it .
I recommend this to anyone regardless of your interests .
What is the difference between Repin and Pin ?
What is the advantage in following someone ?
Not sure how we made it this long without it !
I love this site , my only complaint is that sometimes when you click on something you like ; you have to search to find it when it opens up & amp ; it can take a while .
This app needs the `` view in safari '' option that is in the pintrest for iPhone app .
It crashes after five minutes of use ... better design though ! !
I haven t used the app in a while because it never not_worked .
Just tried again and crashed within 5 minutes .
It would be nice to be able to tap a pin , and have an option to move to another board .
Only problem is I find some of the links to be expired .
If this site didn t have crashing issues , it would be better than Facebook !
please send your computer warriors to fix this problem .
It is disappointing to click on something you want to know more about and not not_be not_able to find it .
I love Pinterest but the only thing that bothers me is the issues with their server .
I have made recipes , crochet projects , bachelorette party ideas , christmas decor & amp ; crafts , decorating ideas , inspirational quotes , photos , you name it , pintrest has it !
I live Pinterest but it crashes every ten minutes !
But every five minutes ( usually when I m in the middle of something , it crashes and upon opening it has the re fetch pins which means I have to then search for the pin I was looking at and hope that it doesn t crash again .
Crashes a lot ! ! ! ! !
I am so addicted but it crashes about every twenty minutes .
I would like the categories to be more broken down and the app crashes every few mins then I loose my spot .
I love this app so much but it crashes all the time : / please fix it ( use the app on my iPod touch ) ,
This app could definitely use some cleaning up .
It would also be nice to know if you have already pinned something .
I have made many things from crafts to foods .
I love browsing through this and collecting ideas that are informative , beautiful or ingenious !
Watch out though its a time portal you might get lost in it forever .
When the creative juices need a little poke , This gets them flowing ,
I do have occasional problems with the App crashing on both the IPad and IPhone , the only reason I gave it 4 stars .
It frequently crashes , which is frustrating .
I ve tried reinstalling and I continue to have the issue .
Great app when I don t have my laptop available ,
But when you try and click on a picture it might crash ( 38 % crash rate ) .
Easy , simple and very few crashes .
Have no not_problems not_pinning ! !
I could get lost on it for hours a day !
I just love this app .
I love this app except it crashes every 2 minutes !
Please fix it .
I wish Christmas could be separated from Halloween because while some of the Halloween things are really cute , some of the recipes and mask/makeup are REALLY disgusting ,
I highly recommend it !
Couldn t plan my wedding without not_this ! !
I almost never have not_any not_issues and I can find exactly what I want on here !
This app is amazing and i love it , but it is always crashing on me ! !
I am building a house and Pinterest have has made magazine cutting obsolete !
Works just like the website , very nice layout .
Love pinterest , but please update this app .
At first I wasn t sure how to work it .
I have been using this app for a month or so now and I have never not_had not_any problem with it .
It s a major glitch that needs to be fixed .
This issue should have been taken care of by now .
It s addictive and so much fun but this app crashes every time I use it !
I love seeing all the new ideas that people find and pin and all the information available on here .
Half the time when you go to pin something or look at a website the app crashes .
It gives me tons of creative ideas & amp ; how to instructions on DIY projects .
Great app , but it crashes ALL THE TIME ! !
While I love the actual website , this app frequently crashes ,
This is a great thing .
Everything you need to know about ANYTHING is on here .
I had a problem with freezing on once but knock on wood it has not not_happened not_again .
Only problem is sometimes u click on the pics and some go to different sites .
Once you start you can t stop !
I love this web site ... some great ideas ... just love it .
Pinterest speaks for itself just try it !
Nudity should not not_be not_allowed .
Nicely designed and easy to use but I wish that you could easily open pages directly in a browser ,
I just love it ,
Makes me want to be crafty and gives me such good ideas on helping me plan my wedding .
I really like this app , but it s constantly crashing !
Love love love it addicted and have made some great meals and awesome household ideas ! !
The only thing they need to work on is the ability to delete and add from board to board with greater ease .
The only problem that I ve ever had is that sometimes my Internet can t handle it : P ,
I wish I could add new images via the app , not just not_repost not_images to my boards .
Love it if I need an idea of any kind I just pop on to Pinterest .
I suggest it for everyone !
Highly recommend it !
Rose M & lt ; 3 , I love pinterest I use it all the time on my laptop and have no not_problems .
Unfortunately , when I use it on my first generation iPad , it continually crashes .
It s slightly disappointing and I m trying to discover if the problem is my iPad or the app .
This app crashes way too much !
Please fix this !
I am ready to give up all my magazines and just read the pins .
This helps me when I m on the go and want to look up a pin craft and lost my what I need list .
Only thing I have found that you can t do from the app is edit a pin .
Occasionally crashes , but so does every other app .
I can t stop pinning !
My boss recommended an intervention .
Mine crashes multiple times throughout the day .
I installed this ages ago on a 2nd gen iPod touch , and it used to crash all the time .
\\nDoes the app have issues ?
I have no not_problems .
Second is that sometimes the app fails to register my uploaded photo in the pin .
The only way I can find to get the photo to show up is to delete and re do the pin .
It s amazing , any idea you need is here ! !
Love it now that I know how to use it .
Hate how you have to set up account already following 60+ people whom I have no not_interest in not_following .
\\nNeed instructions on how to modify those old boot cut jeans into skinnies ?
It s the first site to actually give me helpful recipes , I love the many different categories and can not not_say not_enough good things about the site other than I highly recommend Pinterest .
When I first joined Pinterest , I installed the app and found that it crashed and locked up regularly , so I basically abandoned it in favor of the website .
Please help fix this issue and have a new update soon , thanks .
There are so many ideas and projects that helps with everyday life .
Please fix error pop ups !
The app should have editing capabilities like the site , but I think editing and moving your pins should be easier .
Only one issue and that is when I am in the middle of using Pinterest or trying to login in and it says `` something wrong on our end '' .
I plan my meals every week and created a board for it .
, 5 , efp71 , Just LOVE it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Love the app but it crashes a lot : ( ,
s Hope , You can find absolutely everything on Pinterest u can learn on how to do a lot of neat things on here my wife has me hooked on this app she s on it during all of her free time ,
Helps me create ideas for events and crafts ,
Make sure you have a lot of time to spend !
I just love Pintest for so many reasons .
It crashes constantly .
It crashes at least every 10 minutes !
I don t like the UI , it crashes frequently , but it s Pinterest so it s still fun and has cool ideas and great inspiration .
Pinterest needs to scrape the og metadata from pinned sites like Facebook does for their shared links .
Pinterest needs to offer the ability to easily take a cropped screenshot of a webpage for the pin photo .
However it frequently crashes out of no where .
However , Pinterest is often the reason my homework , housework , and anything else I need to do , don t get done !
Download and be prepared to lose a few hours of your life while learning how to organize , decorate and cook a fabulous meal .
Shaelamb , I love this app but it crashes a lot .
Love the app but ... .keeps crashing can you please fix it is super annoying ,
I learned a new way to do my nails , tricks for curling my hair , how to dispose of bacon grease.m you name it , there s a pin for it !
Too many dupes and crashes .
Overall enjoy it , but ongoing issues with frequent crashing , usually in the middle of pinning .
I don t want to automatically post everything I pin on fAcebook , but with the app , I don t have a choice .
I spend hours just browsing and getting new ideas for everything in life : ) ,
I ve planned 1/2 my wedding with it !
If I have any issues the Pinterest team is prompt & amp ; helpful .
Every so often the app crashes or freezes .
It s very unclear how to pin something & amp ; include the URL link .
Additionally , why isn t there a way to get on the Internet thru the app to pin something ?
I really do love the app but it frequently has connection problems and is unable to load .
I just got it a week ago .
Love it but I would love to see some changes : \\nReorganizing pins , renaming pins , but overall it \\nis The best way to scrapbook the web ,
There are a few features that you can t do that you can on the full site , but it s user friendly and I like how every time you search or click on nothing , it opens a new `` window '' .
I highly recommend this app ... it works great , the pics are very vivid and large .
You are missing half the fun if you don t follow people too .
That s all I need to say .
Really good , just crashes some ,
I can t use the app much because every time I register , I get a confirmation email but then when I try to log it , it says my account doesn t exist .
The only negative is that you can only see two pins at a time .
Suzanne West , Every time I need an idea or an inspirational moment this site has it ! !
I highly recommend it ,
I wish you could categorize within each board .
App is constantly crashing or failing to fetch pins .
Great app however crashes on occasion causing sheer annoyance .
, I wish I had more time to add pins and build boards~pinning is what I plan to do when I have no not_life not_until then I can only view others pins .
iPhone 4 , suddenly crashes several times a week .
You want to try new food ?
Then , I have others just for my enjoyment : things or people I find beautiful or interesting , make me laugh .
It has everything I ever needed to know and more !
It looks nice and doesn t ever crash but I just don t like the feel of it all .
It is wonderful to have this app for my iPad , so I can use it while on my iPad and it hasn t skipped a beat is I was on the site via my PC .
Good ap but you can t invite friends on the ap and sometimes causes problems .
It just freezes and there is no way to not_fix it not_but delete and start over .
Thanks to Pinterest , I need a second job to do everything I see .
Feel like the app crashes Every time I open it : ( ,
Getting great ideas and motivations from this app but I m having trouble creating my own pins .
For a hair cut , how to make something , how to do something ... whatever I want to do .
Pinterest provides a great way to organize and share anything from recipes to accessories to projects .
, you must get this app ! !
I love Pinterest but this app does not not_do it not_justice !
There are ideas for literally everything ! !
But would give it 5 stars if they fix the fact that it crashes quite frequently .
I like how you can have secret boards that are your own vision boards .
I use this app everyday and very much enjoy Pinterest , but this app crashed WAY TOO MUCH .
Please fix it , I love Pinterest but always lose my place or lose the pin I was reading because of the crashing .
Glad Pinterest finally made an app !
Now that my account has finally been fixed I can continue my pinning addiction !
It s a fun way to view and share things that are very interesting to you .
What did we do before pinning ?
Pinterest has made my love for crafts become my life style .
Omg ... can t stop !
The only thing is sometimes it won t let me pin so I end up liking so much just so I don t lose anything .
Mr & amp ; Mrs Sanchez , I just love everything about Pinterest .
It s awesome , great ideas on here ! !
I haven t had any problems with this app yet ,
I can t sleep until I have visited .
I m so addicted made so many new recipes , cleaning ideas and gift ideas !
This is an amazing app \\nHas great ideas that are also interesting to see , Very creative ! ! ! !
Editing feature for pin descriptions should be added .
Only problem , crashes if I spend more than two or so hours at a time on it .
I love this site it is helping me plan my wedding !
I hate that Pinterest just assumes that I want to follower someone just because I pinned something from them or visa versa or because someone else started to follow one of my boards !
Occasional crash but still LOVE it .
you can have it full of files and info .
BUT There is no way to not_change a not_pin from one heading to another .
You can only add it to additional boards .
Good except that it crashes every once in a while ,
Not quite sure why we need to pin but I love it !
I just shut down the App and restart it .
The newest update had made my pinning super easy !
Jake4749 , My wife loves all the little projects that are on here and it gives me the ideas on how to execute them for her .
I recommend this app ; ) ,
I can t stop pinning !
Secondly , for all of us task oriented folks , I think it would be really cool if there were a way to sort of `` check off '' projects completed !
Just need to learn how to use it ,
They have secret boards also if you want to save things but don t want anyone else to see which is super nice if your planning a party or planning for a baby !
Nice app but crashes often .
I love to try new things and whenever I can t figure out what to cook or bake for a party , this site saves the days .
Does crash on occasion .
Never wrote a review till I got this app it s fun to use and I highly recommend getting this app ,
Love it but the app needs to have the same features as website ! ! !
The only problem I have with it is that every so often it kicks me out of the app .
I don t know if maybe it needs updated or what but it s really frustrating .
There are a few problems with this app though .
On my iPod , the screen will go dark all of a sudden and flash back to my home screen .
It doesn t do it often enough for me to have a major issue with it though ,
It just feels great to see beautiful food , clothes , shoes , etc . every day ! !
I use Pinterest for everything from how to remove a stain to how to cook for 20 .
I wish there was a way to easily delete followers .
`` no not_pins not_are available '' .
Is there a way to search only my pins ?
Occasionally crashes but still love it ,
Sometimes it crashes and when I m in the middle of typing , the keyboard will disappear and start searching .
Best thing ever , who needs to read a book or google search when you have Pinterest !
Just do it .
Only problem is when it takes a moment to pin or doesn t at all ! !
The only problem is I spend wwaaayyy to much time one it ! !
I ve been using Pinterest to plan my wedding and have discovered all of the other project/ideas/recipes that it has to offer .
Who needs : cookbooks , event planners , fashion advice , general stores , or craft shows when you have Pinterest !
Either way it s a lovely addition to my list of iPad distractions .
I just wish it would not not_crash not_so much .
I absolutely love Pinterest and the app is very convenient to have on my phone , but it crashes entirely too much and often takes a pretty significant time to load various pins as you scroll down .
I just love the iPad app so much more than trying to view Pinterest on my iPhone !
It may be me , but I don t understand how I stop following someone ?
It seems like I have connected to a few famous folks in the beginning , but I am not not_truly not_interested in their action how do I get rid of them ? ?
Saves so much time not not_having to not_search online yourself because someone has already found it and posted it on Pinterest .
Sometimes it crashes , but otherwise it is great !
Just needs to be a little quicker ,
I love Pinterest : ) but I wish there was a way to edit pins once they ve been created , like there is on the desktop site .
I am planning my wedding , I love to cook , i love fashion , and I like to decorate and do projects around the house .
I love Pinterest but this app crashes all the time .
This app crashes too often !
I absolutely live Pinterest and I have never not_had not_any problems with this app .
Amazing app , only problem is it crashed o me a few times but never not_frequently .
I give this app a `` 10 '' \\n I totally recommend it ! ! ! ! !
I love being able to go on and find whatever I need ! ! !
The best way to look forward to what you could have in the future , to remember things you want to do and learn to do new things !
I can t repin or like anything in the app !
Please fix this !
It s beginning to feel like I can t repin anything now .
Pinterest crashes all the time .
I love Pinterest but there are a ton of glitches and bugs that need to be corrected .
\\nIt will close out on me , not not_let me not_pin stuff , and erase some things I did .
It shows your inner creativity and helps you relate to other people on different items but it crashes a lot ,
It has bugs !
It crashes ALL the time , and quite often renders it completely useless to have on your device .
When I need inspiration for my crafting , design , recipes , pretty much anything , I search here first .
When it blanks out , has problems with typing in search bar , or reads error , it can be very frustrating .
Moreover , the login server crashes frequently and you re stuck in limbo .
\\n\\nIf not for the not_too not_frequent crashes and errors , I d rate this app 5 stars , because it s really a great thing for its use , but it does not not_work .
You need to fix this app keeps crashing doesn t always work ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I just live everything about it ! ! ! !
The only downside is every once in awhile when I m looking at longer posts it crashes and then I can t find what I was reading again : / ,
Everything I always wanted to know and more ! !
Totally recommend it .
Nothing I can t live with !
When i need something to pass time quickly on the go this app does the trick .
s knees , 5 , tihaitien , My likes , hopes and dreams whenever I need a pick me up .
I hate that you have to click on the photo to `` like '' or `` re pin '' on the iPad app .
I never have not_any not_issues with Pinterest on my computer , phone , or ipad .
I can t figure out how to upload a picture of myself ! !
My only issue is it crashes a lot on me , especially if I m really far down in my `` following '' feed or in search results , which means it will take forever to get back to where I was .
Anyway , the app seems robust as it hasn t crashed when I run it on my underpowered , old iPod touch 4th gen. ,
Once u start you just can t stop ,
Only problem is that it can be quite addictive !
This is a great app , but the web navigation is a little clunky , and it crashes often .
When I tried to upload pins of phone camera shots , it failed ( the picture might have been too large , but I don t see where restrictions are listed ) and then wouldn t let me repin anything until I restarted the app ; the half full red progress bar wouldn t go away .
Why can t we ?
Or adding a pin from a website yourself for that matter .
The IPad app crash frequently , other than that I enjoy this app !
Or if it isn t an issue please tell me what I m doing wrong .
Love how I can use it for personal use such as hairstyles , home decor , fashion travel , crafts and on the professional level also find great ideas for speech therapy with my kiddos ,
App crashes EVERY time I use it .
austins baby ( : , I go here when I m bored , when I m trying to go to sleep , when I just need some good ideas or when I just want to .
Beware if you try this you might just get addicted !
Omg I love pintrest but it has been crashing a lot it s kinda annoying !
I ve used this app for about 6 7 hours and it has crashed at least 7 times .
Great app , almost like tumblr and you learn how to make amazing thing .
Love the flexibility of the website and the reading anchor charts that I plan to use when we get back to school !
Used to shut down a lot on my iPad 1 , haven t had any issues since I upgraded to the 2 .
Pinterest is addictive but app crashes easily .
I am inspired with the how to create step by step tutorials .
You seriously need to put a timer when your on it because you can spend hours !
Haven t failed me yet ! ! ! ! ! !
That s probably a good thing it brings me back to reality .
It s awesome , there are so many neat ideas !
Love this app , but it needs a few things like being able to share something with a specific person and a few more private boards .
A great app to find whatever you need !
Anyone will get hooked on this app !
Who needs Google when you have Pinterest ! !
I LOVE this app but I hate how frequently it crashes while in the middle of pinning or clicking on a pin .
While on the app it will crash 3 4 times within an hour time frame .
Oh how could I forget all the recipes .
I just LOVE pinterest ,
However , my only issue is when selecting pins .
It would be nice if there was more information other than a picture where the pin originally came from .
I do wish people would tell you where you can buy things you like .
I would love to know , though , how to make changes to boards I ve created and wish to rename .
When I need to get my creative juices flowing I just hit Pinterest .
The app does not have not_all the not_features that you can do from the computer based version , but it has the most important parts and is very user friendly .
I am addicted so many wonderful ideas that made some great holiday memories !
Everyone needs comfort and things that relax you !
I really love the ideas that you can get from Pinterest !
I recommend it to everyone !
Just like the website .
I feel like I need an intervention .
Whatever you need , like , want , how to or just to be inspired ... it s all here !
It has its moments , like an error on their end when repinning , or occasionally not not_posting a not_pic that I pin from my phone , but it s not not_happening not_enough to kill the enjoyment .
\\n\\nPinterest tells me they have an internal problem , can you please fix it , I can t do anything ! !
Every time I get off I have to ask what year it is , to make sure I didn t just miss everything .
: ) Sometimes the app will randomly shut and I lose whatever I was looking at , but that might be a problem with my own ipod ?
just get it !
Love Pinterest , especially now that I can create private boards and pin bridal gowns that I don t want certain others to see .
I love this app I have already made so many thing that I thought I never not_could ,
It does have it s times where it crashes , but it doesn t happen too often .
That s all I need to say !
Once you start you can t stop !
Love it except when it crashes .
Only downside is that the app will randomly close on me .
I just take it as a hint to get off the computer and go do something else .
But..the app crashes a lot , they always say there s a problem on their side , the app needs to be restarted sometimes for it to work , otherwise good .
Silly and should be fixed .
So do not have a not_good not_review to give !
It would be nice to have a way to recommend the pin to them while in the program .
Love site idea but have stability issues with site and app for iPhone .
If I need one of the items I can easily get to with the app .
The idea that you get from others on Pinterest is incredible .
There are so many great ideas I am having a problem deciding which one to do first !
I can t stop pinning .
It has really helped me with my goals and also provided me with ideas I couldn t have even dreamed about on my own .
I really like this app , and I like that you can see comments now , but I wish that the pictures were still full screen .
And please fix the glitches !
It either crashes , logs me out , or won t let me pin anything !
It s so fun and easy except lately it has been crashing a lot and when I try to pin something or click on a pin it just glitches and says unable .
I wish this could be fixed !
\\n\\nToday for the first time I have had several issues error messages when trying to `` repin '' items .
I love Pinterest and would normally rate it a 5 star but they need to fix the iPhone app ! !
It also keeps saying that there was `` a problem on our end , sorry '' , and then it won t let me look at other people s boards or pins .
Please fix this ! !
Keeps saying it can t sign in .
It just keeps saying that there was a problem on their end .
Please fix my beloved app .
First it said no not_pins not_available and now I can t log in because it says sorry there is a problem in our end pls fix ! !
Sometimes it crashes .
But all the sudden it s been having problems with keeping me logged in and there are a lot of bugs that need to be fixed .
Please just fix it .
Idk what s wrong with the site , but as of late all it keeps doing is crash and fail to load !
Please fix this ! ! !
It is constantly crashing and licking me out of the app .
Love Pinterest but lately I have been getting too many , `` sorry there is a problem on our end error '' and I can t pin or load more stuff so I m not not_happy at not_all 1 star until its fixed because the app is useless if u can t pin .
Now I can t even log in at all , I ll have to try the website through safari .
However sometimes the app crashes or says that it could not not_repin not_something or that I couldn t log in .
This needs to be fixed or I m not not_sure not_how long this app will remain on my phone .
The app has made things better .
But they need to update de app for de IPhone 5 it keeps freezing up and not not_letting me not_pin anything .
I love this app and wish this could be fixed ,
I see 5 star reviews but for me something always goes wrong and I can t view pins .
There are quite a few bugs lately that cause the app to turn off .
I recommend this app for everyone !
CdHbohl , Love this app and the website , but the app has been crashing all day !
I use this app all the time but I updated it recently and now all I get are error messages from their end ! ! ! ! !
\\nObv Pinterest is great but I may as well just use the computer if this is going to keep happening ! !
I requested an invite to this site 2wks ago and still can not not_get not_full access .
Finally tried to access it after a friend suggested trying again and it worked .
What is the problem now .
Love it , can take it every where and browse for ideas or refer to my boards if I am working on something I have pinned .
Please fix it .
I love Pinterest , but lately the iPhone app crashes and says there is a problem on their end ?
It is constantly saying that there is a problem on their end .
I love pinterest but there are way too many bugs in this app to use it consistently .
Please fix it !
, meaning you can t pin anything or check updates .
It is a far cry from the earlier version but it still crashes and that is SUPER frustrating .
I am in love with Pinterest , but lately it has been randomly closing telling me there are problems on their end and so on .
Please fix this ASAP so I can keep pinning .
Later is not the not_solution .
The app constantly crashes or tells me `` Oops there s a problem on our end .
It also can t find the boards I have previously created at times when I try to repin things , and it crashes a lot .
Please fix it !
I like to use it but on my iPhone I and iPad it constantly refuses to load picture and movies I try to up load .
Please fix these thing it is ridicules .
I absolutely love Pinterest but this app crashes WAY too much .
Kyremonti , I love the app for Pinterest , so the only reason I m giving it 4 stars is because you can t tag anyone in the posts .
I ve tried using just their name and using the @ symbol , but neither has worked for me .
The only problem I have is that it CRASHES ALL THE TIME .
Great but crashes ,
This has become my new addiction and I love how easy to use it is BUT I really am getting frustrated with how often it crashes .
It s especially annoying when you are about to pin something and before it saves it crashes .
Then you have to hope you stumble across it again .
Just wish it wouldn t crash all the time ! ! ! !
I really love Pinterest but lately the app has had some bugs .
It s constantly crashing and saying there was an `` Error on our side , we re sorry '' .
This has been going on for a while and needs to be fixed .
This needs to be fixed .
Pinterest is so addicting ( : I can literally just sit and look at it all day long but lately it has been crashing , or when I go to get on it , it logs me out and when I try to log back in it says there s an error and won t let me log back in ) : please fix this ,
The sayings/signs are great to read when I need a pick me up !
I really love this app , but it crashes too much and says something went wrong too much .
If that gets fixed , it would be much better .
\\n\\nWould love to see a feature that would allow me to more easily pin things from my iPhone Safari browser .
I have grown to love Pinterest in the one day since I created my profile .
Right now though I can t seem to pin on the app to my secret board but I expect that wont last long .
Do you really need a review ?
Haha , but there are so many great ideas , it would be a waste not to not_download it .
I love this app just hate it when it unexpectedly shuts down !
I love Pinterest and I used to use the app all the time , but lately it has become glitchy ; closing the app when I open a pin to see the original website , not not_opening , not_saying `` There is a problem on our end , try again later . ''
Please fix this ! !
I m learning how to use all the capabilities my iPhone & amp ; iPad can do \\nI ve just recently discovered this app .
\\nIt s so informative teaching step by step anything you want to know everyone is so creative you are to you will help someone with what you know don t be like I was & amp ; put it off ! ! !
, 4 , BethieR1978 , This app has some bugs it shuts down randomly , and sometimes doesn t want to pin things .
Pretty good , just wish I could add boards w the app ,
The newest update had made this application much faster with uploading posts .
Well designed , just like the site ,
I just love pinterest and now with it available on the go with my iPad I am always checking in to see what s new .
No more questions about what s for dinner or how to decorate or where to go for birthday ideas .
That s the only problem I really have .
I love that you can search for specific things right on the site .
Everything you need to be creative in one place .
Only complaint is I wish there was some way to pin on the iPhone other than with in the site .
I only need more time to work on it all !
I find the app freezes and crashes regularly .
I love seeing all the unusual `` why didn t I think of that '' ideas posted on Pinterest .
I really love the great thing that you can find on this site .
It offers everything you need in the palm of your hand .
Kind of hard to learn how to navigate around at first but once I figured it out ... .can t get me off of it ! !
When I need a recipe I go to Pinterest first .
I can always find what I need .
Pinterest : It s a good thing !
You can use it for shopping , decorative ideas , or even recipes , but the list goes on and on .
Hair makeup clothing wow I m just inspired every time I view the app !
The app itself has its bugs but it works great .
There are so many wonderful ideas shared every day !
I recommend this app to everyone .
Just wish it wouldn t keep shutting down .
Everyone should use PINTEREST ,
I just love everything about it .
It always works great and I have never not_had not_any issues .
Very glitchy the past several days ; crashes at least once a day .
It helped me so much planning my wedding because I was able to find so many great DIY projects that added great unique things to add to my special day .
It also has provided me with so many great website to find things I love in all categories .
And lastly the greatest part about Pinterest is that it is sooo easy to navigate & amp ; find exactly what I am looking for without not_having to not_search or navigate through a million steps to find what I need .
As corny as it might sound Pinterest has made the crafter and me come out and made me realize just how much I love creating awesome gifts for friends/family & amp ; I love that it allows you to communicate & amp ; connect with people from all over to share all of our talents .
I love Pinterest & amp ; all the friend I have made along the way ! ! !
You can plan anything with this app !
Whenever I try to repin something , refresh my newsfeed , anything , a sign pops up and says there was a problem on our side .
A few annoying days later , I tired everything to fix it .
Started doing it here n there now tonight I can t even use ur app bc all I keep getting is that..very frustrating..seems enough to detour me from using like I used to ..every time I turn around this seems to b happening some days worse than others ..pls fix ,
I need counseling .
On the off chance that Pinterest is actually reading and thoughtfully considering my comment , I d like to suggest adding the ability to edit your profile to the app .
I love pinterest and this app is nice , but it s constantly crashing and I m REALLY getting sick of it , so how about a REAL update that fixes the fricken crashes already ? ! ? ! ? ! ? !
I just reorganized my whole page and it was really easy .
My only issue is it don t tell or show you how to do most things !
I love the many ideas available on this page , however , I use my iPad 3 for about 90 % of my social networking and I am consistently having connection problems with this app .
I want to be able to keep using it , please fix the issue .
I absolutely love it , it s just great ideas ,
I seem to have frequent problems logging in with Facebook .
It always bugs and says there was a problem and it won t show the pins under the category I clicked on .
Great app but is always crashing .
Love pinterest but the app crashes all the time .
Please fix it already !
Server connection issues are very common with the app .
Please fix this soon !
And I can t even log in anymore .
Please fix it .
The content and layout of the app are great , but it crashes a lot .
Half the time you try to look at a pin that goes to an outside web address the app crashes ; its really annoying !
s Fan , Please fix this app ! !
Everything you want to know is there ,
Haven t had any issues so far .
\\nSometimes I wish you could search for things you saw but forgot to pin !
I made 90 % of my Christmas from ideas from Pinterest .
The only problem is that every time I start using it logs me out .
I definitely recommend this app .
My favorite feature is that you can access the pin source in a very readable format with the option to open with Safari if needed .
I need my Pinterest to work on my iPad , not not_continually not_crashing when clicking to verify website .
I don t know what the solution is , but I find them so annoying .
Great for everyone and has everything you need to know about just about every area of life !
It is my therapy when I need to get my mind off the daily stresses .
Love Pinterest , there are so many wonderful ideas on it .
My only complain is that it kicks you off after an hour or so , but that really is a good thing , otherwise I would get nothing done .
Really great app , there are a few bugs to be worked out .
Sometimes it force closes and I think that spam should be screened better .
\\nThat being said I m still addicted to it and I can t wait for an update ,
Sometimes I get enough pins and want to reorganize , but can t delete without not_deleting a not_whole board ( not not_what not_I want to do ) .
I have made many of the recipes and made many of the crafts .
Great place for ideas for recipes , clothes , makeup , house decor , you name it ! ! ! ! !
But the app crashes nonstop !
Found many great craft ideas I can t wait to try .
I even use it to plan parties or gift ideas .
And if I need a good laugh , the humor pages rock .
Love adding my own websites I find also .
Love the app , some times there are some bug .
Still could use some work in a few areas , but this has seriously become my newest and my VERY FAVORITE addiction !
I am on here several times a day EVERY DAY ! ! !
It has never not_crashed on me , not_I find it easy to navigate and it has tons if DIY ideas ... ..love it !
App randomly crashes , especially when opening pins .
Please fix this .
I wish there were a way to separate simply ideas from tried and true tips .
So many great ideas that are easy and realistic !
Sometimes better ... you get to see each pin individually and bigger than on the website as you scroll through them .
Sometimes there are bugs when it s loading but once it s updated it s fixed .
I love that you can search all or 1 category at a time .
The app is very amazing its an addiction I can t stop browsing ,
They have so many great ideas and I especially appreciate the individuals who post new ideas .
This is almost an addiction , once you pin you can t stop !
I love this app it is so much fun I love to see what other people post and i love to post pics of my dogs and animals it is so cool that this app can do that and I love to talk pictures so it is perfect for me ?
Ways to help u better your life or even how to do everyday things around the house ! !
I definitely recommend it !
I have found so many great ideas that have been extremely helpful .
I liked just the pictures when looking through the sites boards .
Crafts , recipes , destinations , beauty and style ideas , etc . stored away for whenever I need them !
\\n\\nIf I could add one thing it would sub categories so I could organize my boards .
Love the site , Esp now that we can create secret boards !
And everything I ve pinned online is easily accessible when I need it ! ! !
Just love it !
The ideas and creativity on here is amazing .
If there is anything you could ever imagine doing and need to know how , This is the place ! !
I love the app , the creative ideas are endless .
I love pinterest but the app isn t perfect ... crashes and has some bugs .
I can find everything I want and tons of smart ideas , that can be use everyday .
Occasionally crashes or is unable to repin .
My only issue with the app is the crashes .
Please address this and you ll definately get a 5 star rate from me .
The only problem is it won t let me log in some times , but over all its a grate ! ! !
The app is decent but crashes frequently .
Of course if you love Pinterest just download the app but don t be surprised if it crashes every now and again .
Until they fix it this is something you have to live with .
Good app , I like the iPad interface , crashed occasionally , but I expect that to improve in an update ,
This app will stop loading and no longer not_log me in not_almost every time I use it and that continues for the next few hours to days until it starts working for a bit and then crashes once again .
I am planning my wedding with ease thanks to this wonderful app ! !
I have made a couple of the recipes and received a lot of great compliments .
I love that I can get on Pinterest whenever , but it crashes way too often .
I have a small business , and I created an account for the business in addition to my personal account .
I would like to see a feature where you can somehow toggle between accounts ( similar to Twitter or Facebooks Page Manager ) without not_having to not_log out and log back in as another user .
Crashes constantly , all my LIKES do not not_appear and not_when I PIN it crashes , pls fix ,
Now I need to reorganize my posts .
Very pleased with this , however I wish they would not not_allow not_bloggers to post things that do not have an not_actual not_site to go to show the process .
If your going to post then it needs to be legit and or real .
Very useful and does a majority of the things you want to do with it but frequently crashes at bad times and can be frustrating .
Could tweak some things to make it crash less .
In a good way usually until I realize hours have passed and I still need to clean and get other stuff done ! ! !
Super addicting and once I go on I can t stop pinning : ) ,
But , the app frequently crashes on me when I am in the middle of browsing .
Is there any way to fix this ?
I love the interface the app provides , but this bug needs to be worked out soon .
The app is awesome , I really like it , when it tells me there are no not_pins not_available , it breaks my heart .
My BFF walked me through how to create a board and to really begin to follow other followers .
Once I start I can t stop .
Highly recommend it !
However , the app crashed regularly and can be frustrating when you have browse through multiple pages and need to start from scratch again .
It crashes so often and tells me that it can t pin what I want .
Pinterest is amazing , the app could definitely use some improvements though ,
I just love it ! ! ! ! !
It s alright but it could use some improvements with user friendliness ,
No tutorials either , guess ill need to drag out the laptop to see what Pinterest is all about , but this app is terrible .
Please fix this so I can continue enjoying this app .
It offers many things useful for life from advice to tips to how to s. This is amazing and I use it everyday !
I have no not_problems at not_all with it .
Great way to organize and put all the great ideas you find online AND browse other people s ideas !
I hope you ll address this !
Why can t this be like the iPhone app where we can pin and like from the main screen ?
It just hasn t been super simple .
Haven t had any problems at all ,
I love this app and I m super excited they finally made this app .
The support page says you can use your mobile browser to do this directly from their website which would be a cumbersome work around at best but you can t , since that website function is decidedly not not_formatted to not_be used on a phone .
If you re pending on installing the app , I think you should download it .
I am not a not_person not_who typically posts reviews of any kind nor has the time to but , I truly do love pinterest .
I have found many things to improve my life which is always a good thing .
Wish you didn t have to start over at top of page when scrolling and looking at pics .
As far as I can tell the only ways in which it could be improved would be to make it possible to slide from photo to photo and to be able to select more than one photo at a time to repin .
Someone pinned a photo onto our company board and there are no not_simple not_instructions how to remove the link .
How do I get out of this mess ?
The only suggestion that I have found is that you should be able to rearrange your PIN ned items on to different boards from the original board that it is posted too .
People post the greatest things .
to how to build furniture in our new apartment .
I don t think I need magazines anymore .
I can t stop pinning ! ! !
Never able to load pins , and crashes .
Putting other people s thoughts and ideas together is really the hint ! !
I wanted a I something just for this app .
You need to get ,
I never not_plan a not_trip without not_extensive not_research on trip advisor .
I highly recommend this app ! ! ! !
\\nHowever I did not not_like the not_latest update : it lost the ability to list the town s ranked places by just clicking the rank of the given place in town ( ie .
\\nOther very useful features I strongly recommend it to have are : \\n ability to correct addresses ( in Southeast Asia so many are wrong ) , mainly when using the location pinpointed on the map\\n ability to `` like '' other reviewers reviews ( this is only possible on desktops ) \\n ability to review car rental agencies , it is currently the worst category of service in the tourism world .
\\n\\nOnly problem i have had was a review that I did for a restaurant a few minutes ago .
The app would not not_allow me to not_give the restaurant 5 stars .
Has all the pieces I need , good job .
It rarely not_crashes and not_is loaded with lots of great info for trip planning .
I plan nothing without it !
This is by far one of my favorite apps , I use it often but since the recent update I ve had some problems .
I try to save something to my favs and it says I need to sign in and it takes me to google maps .
I can use the app on the go but I feel like the computer version is better ; sometimes I can t do everything with just the app .
The subject of this review will tell you everything that i need to say plus a lot more .
It seems that there is no way to not_turn not_off those alerts without not_turning not_off travel alerts .
Ever since we started traveling I began planning our vacation based on the reviews from trip advisor they are very accurate in return I began to post my own reviews ... love this app ,
I can not not_believe that you not_can not not_see your not_reviews on the trip advisor ipad app but rather have to go into the browser !
\\n\\nTripadvisor , please improve your feature support !
Please add the capability to see your reviews in your IPAD app !
So far Trip Advisor has not not_failed not_us .
I have used this on three trips so far and it hasn t failed me yet .
I can t login to submit reviews ! ?
When hitting the `` back '' button it always takes you back to the beginning ... making the process longer than it needs to be .
Always there for me when I m deciding where to eat or if I need a hotel wherever I may be roaming .
This app was AWSOME the first day all the other days after that it wouldn t open I would use this so much if it worked .
Its a `` must have '' app for any traveler , just full of useful info , that also provides local commentary .
I use this app so often , both reading other reviews and adding my own .
\\nI like that you can post photos .
I even tried to filter and add the airlines but it doesn t even pull them up .
Don t plan a trip without it ! ! !
Use it every time I plan a trip .
Best part is the reviews are accurate and you know what you re getting for what you re paying .
But we can not not_add not_wax center ,
I use this app a lot to write reviews , they need to have the option to add pictures from your mobile device .
There s not not_much to not_say because that s all I need in a travel app like this .
The restaurant reviews are invaluable in navigating the options available in the area .
Helps you plan a vacation or a simple weekend with honest reviews about companies .
We found out all we needed to know before we went .
Why do people always feel they need to mess with a good thing ?
Great so the graphics are supporting the Retina display ... .wonderful .
But just make it like the website so we can upload and have more info at our fingers .
Where is the month view of the search by lowest price feature ?
The compare price of nearby dates feature is helpful , but why does it not not_show not_prices automatically ?
It s quite inconvenient to have to click each date and load the entire new set of prices just to see the lowest price for that date .
My app crashes every 3 minutes .
Vladamirdrac , I m not not_sure not_who is rating these places but I find that many of the `` top 10 '' in mine and nearby cities aren t even close to what I d expect .
\\n\\nOne issue I found with the app is that if you are in the middle of doing something and need to switch over to another app , it doesn t remember where you left off .
tripadvisor is very good app i recommended that any one need any thing from shop to activities downloaded and enjoy it ,
It is all right here at your fingertips .
I just downloaded this app .
Where is the list of my reviews and why can t I edit them on here ?
This app is pretty good , but it could use the info like Overview , Weather & amp ; When to go info , etc .
I would like to see that info because it would be like the website .
Very easy to find how to get to your destination .
Overall , the guides are the best travel tools one could use .
Shows me what I need to see .
For hotels , how come you can t sort by distance or price anymore ?
I travel almost ever month and this trip advisor app is perfect for when I m on the go and I need to find a good place to stay !
They have really made life on the road a lot better for me ,
Easy to use , but I wish you could sort hotels by distance from a location/address .
It made my vacation a wonderful experience .
I will use it on every future trip .
Has not not_failed me not_its awesome .
Keeps crashing ,
I really like that you can look up hotels , restaurants , and things to do in one place .
Great information is available .
Also would love to have an individual resort map of all the resorts available to view .
Best travel app you can find ,
Can t sort for anything price , distance , rating anything ! !
Why there is not not_`` you not_are here '' location in the maps ?
Love this app I use it for all my trips , eating out , hotel stays and plan trips .
seemed better with saves that was a problem previously but then crash !
Hocus , Can t figure how to sort by price .
This app has so many bugs it ought to be renamed bugadvisor but hey , fanbois love thousands of buggy , almost useless apps from the bug store .
And to top it off you have to update during the holidays when it should be up and ready to advise you ! ! !
Please fix it !
Tripadvisor is a great app/website that provides excellent , common sense , critical information for the traveller no not_matter not_where you go .
Please hasn t changed since 1975 .
Good app but I wish it had all the details when adding a review like it does on the website .
App provides a good experience , with most of the features from the main site .
Just love this place : ) ,
You can work around the challenges but overall the app has gotten more prone to send you to a screen you can t get back from .
The silver lining is this bad app design and pushing the users where they don t want to go creates an opportunity for another site to gain a foothold and maybe a new leader by treating users better .
In this day and age there is a way to have Facebook integration a balance of access and rights that gives a company what they need without not_asking not_so much from your customers .
Trip advisor is full of the best trip app available .
This app is one of my favorites anywhere you go you can find something to do and even get linked to purchase options .
What happened to showing restaurants near the hotels you are looking at ?
Please bring that part back ! ! ! !
The latest versions have a problem sorting my saves .
Please fix this annoying bug to what used to be a better app .
\\nFind very useful internationally when yelp isn t available .
They seem not to not_be not_able to recognize the year of review .
Some places that had menus on the old version are missing them on the new one .
Recent updates have improved the app but , still can t sort reviews based on ratings .
Please , please allow sorting of reviews again .
Have used it for finding hotels , getting travel tips , even just locating a restaurant near by .
This app is great in that it links a wealth of information about hotels , attractions , and restaurants while combining it with user reviews to give you the best possible picture of what is available in the area no not_matter not_where you may be .
I like having the reviews from fellow travelers .
So you need to look past their options .
\\n\\nKeeps demanding to post thugs on my behalf and won t let me sign in via Facebook when I click no , not_lame .
I found you can usually get a feel for the outlier reviews and see if they do or do not not_refer to your not_preferences .
Would love to see walking tours added , where feasible .
My only complaint is not not_being not_able to see your inbox and reply to messages in the app .
Please bring that back .
I regret the day I updated this app .
There is no way to not_search or not_filter by price or neighborhood .
Urban Foodie , Just like American Express , don t plan a trip without not_consulting not_this app .
You choose , a travel guide that was published several years ago or Tripadvisor with reviews posted this vet week !
Used concierge at trip advisor recommended hotels for better recommendations .
Anytime I want to know anything about anyplace I am going , this is where I go first .
I would love to use this app , but find it useless to participate in the site as a community member .
Not only are the saves not not_available not_offline , even the restaurant that was on my screen gets wiped out and I m back to the home screen when I go back to the app a few minutes later .
\\n\\nIf you are going to go through the trouble of making an app , take advantage of what a native app allows you to do , like keep state and store data ! ! ! !
I also like that you can add your own photos .
Example : went to Seoul , told a friend ( native of Seoul ) that I planned to dine at the # 1 ranked restaurant ... he had not not_heard of it and not_was very skeptical .
All home made ingredients with tomatoes grown in Italy .
Just tell them Dominick and Vinnie sent you !
You want to know how good the food is or if the beds are comfy ?
Trip Advisor lets you hear it straight from those who have experienced it for themselves and allows you the traveler to tell it just how you see it .
This is an overall great update and had made more quickness and also just a smoother running app , tripadvisor itself is the best app to find a restaurant or hotel that suits your needs , love the consistent users and current up to date reviews only draw is the distance filter is no longer not_there not_so it sets 50 mi radius bit far when u want to go 20 or less not_but not_besides that amazing ! !
The app needs to be fixed random crashes and glitchy performance .
Oh , I did notice , which is a pain is in the reviews I can t click on a specific rating and read all those reviews .
After last update results became unreliable , can t sort by distance .
Using TripAdvisor to plan my trip to Italy .
Any trip I plan , I check Trip Advisor first when booking lodging .
Fairly good app , only thing though , how many freaking updates does it need ?
Please fix this glitch .
But you have to have access to Internet to use it !
Feedback4yahoo , Why have this app when you can just use the website from your phone KNOWING that you won t be surprised by some lack of functionality Ex : ability to review reviews you have created in the past ? ! ! ! !
\\n\\nMaking it worse would be the ongoing need to keep this app updated sigh ... pointless and a waste of bandwidth/time\\n\\nThis app should be put out of its misery .
Please let us ( old iphone users and old iOS users ) use this app !
If it is possible to submit a review using this application , it is impossible to figure out how to do so .
Otherwise , the data it provides is quite useful .
Highly recommended for anyone planning a trip ,
I like the app but it could use a redesign or add more features ,
Easy to use , info is accurate and everything you need to know as a traveler or tourist !
Doesn t matter the place or locations , you always will find some place that you can go !
\\n\\nIn general , if you are planning somewhere start with forum and then look at things to do ,
Please fix this thing .
They made significant changes to the app for Os7 and really made it difficult to use .
After the changes , you must know the exactly name of the town or it doesn t show the location .
This is a real problem when you re traveling and don t know the name of suburbs .
Now I can only use the near by feaure ONLY when I m actually there at the location .
May just delete this app and find something else !
Love to see that available instead of having to get on the Mac/PC .
Please bring back the old version , or fix this one !
I have had no not_problems with not_this app .
I m a new traveler , just received my passport .
When I am researching restaurants , there is no not_convenient not_way to return to the main list .
Now I have even added new establishments to Trip Advisor !
How did we manage before TA ?
What an amazing idea bringing the world together to provide reviews on places to go and things to see .
Used to be able to search hotels purely by scrolling the map and having it update the hotel selection automatically .
Really need to know how far a restaurant is from my current location so that I don t hAve to take a cab from hotel or fight traffics .
I recommend this site and app to all .
Why make it so simplistic that I can t interact the way I want ?
Now crashes on iPod touch since last update .
Everybody needs it .
Since the last update , crashes every time on my iPhone 4 .
How are we to know how recent a photo is , especially since they may ( and often are ) not not_displayed in not_date order ?
You can t scroll very well when your trying to find a hotel , there s no not_search not_function that would find the hotel I was staying at and the attractions around and close by .
What it is missing now , removed from previous versions is filtering capabilities by distance and ranking ( simultaneously ) .
Just lost me as a user ! !
Couldn t find listing for a place that badly needs a review .
Why can t I filter restaurants by cuisine anymore ?
You can t look at menus for restaurants , the directions do not not_work as not_good .
Trip Advisor is a useful resource but they have made the ipad app very challenging .
It needs to show all the hotels for the map region that is being viewed .
\\n\\nYou can t search within the results of a city .
I ve been using TripAdvisor in all my trips for a long time , specially when I visit new places and need updated and reliable info .
hit submit again and it gave me an error stating that I was missing something and the review couldn t be submitted , then it kicked me back to the page of the place I was trying to review and discarded my review .
Tonysongsk , I just have a trip from Arkansas to Los Angeles and trip adviser was soooooo useful ,
It does not not_work .
Latest update crashes on iPhone 4 ,
Why bother ?
I ve never not_had not_any issues .
BUT ( and this applies to every app that lets users compare hotel prices ) : \\n\\n1 ) to make a useful comparison , the user needs not just the not_base not_room rate , but parking fees and pet fees .
Yesterday I would have rated it 4 stars , so I give 2 in hopes it s fixed ASAP .
Latest update crashes on startup on my iPhone 4s .
RubyTheCat , can t sign in through Facebook or even regular sign in ,
Works well and does what it says but I wish the app provided website links for each place .
We think it is nice that good , bad and mediocre reviews are all available ,
It crashes before it gets past the intro screen .
What happened to the menu feature ?
How do you find your own personal stats in terms of number of reviews written , page views , contributor level , etc ?
I try to sign in via Facebook and it never not_works .
This app needs to be updated .
I don t like the fact that I can t view any reviews I ve done , for example .
Must have bugs .
Once you do a search you can t do another .
I am furious , please fix this ! ! !
Guys I know you can do better than this ,
Searched one city and now it is stuck there , i.e. , can t change cities .
Fix that , please ! !
The latest version , however , has a bug they need to fix .
Overall , it s a great product but it needs a new bug fix right away !
This app is very useful , and helpful , I used it , and love it , please keep the good work ,
Picture scrolling so horrible and does not not_work not_prerly ,
Will always be a contributor to this site since it has provided me highly reliable info .
You can t click on the ratings review to skip to just the good bad terrible reviews .
No websites or menus listed anymore plus when you go to read the reviews you can t just click on a terrible or excellent reviews you have to read them all .
Great app , I wish I could add the new places I discover .
You can t just look at hotels in an area .
You have to go through the search process and if that hotel isn t available those dates then it s not on a not_list .
I just plainly love this app .
I have a negative review and they wouldn t post the photos .
Speaking the truth is a problem for them .
I wish there was an easy way to review posted rating I have done in the past .
They have made recent changes to the app which make it impossible to read a category of reviews .
Once you figure out how to read between the lines of some reviewers material , this is a valuable resource .
I use this to plan all my trips & amp ; it has never not_failed me ! !
Now you have to put in a location to get any information .
Dawnmc92 , Used to have a feature that would tell you what is near what you are searching .
Please bring that back !
The latest update is missing one of the most useful features : average rates for each hotel listed .
And there is no way to not_filter for , not_say , 3 star hotels .
Unresponsive , crashes every time , takes forever to load , do not not_update ! ! !
\\n\\nNext problem , related to this is the `` Near Me '' function .
LbkClint , This app is great but it won t let you post pictures along with a hotel review .
It s nice that you can look up almost everything you need to in one app , but when it comes to looking up said items , this app is so slow and at time unresponsive .
I catch myself EVERY TIME trying to scroll through pictures of hotels and it just won t scroll .
And when I press done I have to wait for it to go back to the previous screen if it even does that .
Please fix this .
Stalean , I can t really say how well this app works because I can t sign in to my existing account with TripAdvisor .
This app has serious performance and usability issues .
I try to view pictures , but every time I switch over to the next photo , it takes me back to the last picture I viewed , and it does it constantly .
Please fix this bug and I ll gladly give it a 5 star rating .
They are trying to push vacation listings , but you can t drill down to a neighborhood .
I need one near a particular neighborhood .
You can t search for that and going through all their postings for Orlando isn t feasible .
You can put in any address where you need to be and listings pop up all around it .
How can you miss something as simple as this ?
\\nHow can I get my saves to show on the map ?
Last year I planned a trip to Rome , which turned out to be a fantastic trip thanks to all of the pictures , reviews , and other information found on Trip Advisor .
When I try to swipe to the next picture the app freezes up and I can t look at them .
All links require a new search to change from the default , moving you off the selected property .
I can not not_look at not_anything beyond the town I am looking at ?
Please do something about this .
I can forget an umbrella or a nice set of heels , but I never not_leave not_home without my not_Trip not_Advisor app on some device .
\\nAlso need to allow integration with the city guides .
\\n\\nI just saw several gloating 5 star reviews of a diamond `` museum '' in Cape Town which in reality is a diamond store and the reviews that make the point that it is a store strongly felt trapped and conned this one was obvious but not not_so with not_many other places .
Now you have to enter a city and you tied to that point .
Probably the only downside with this app is that you mays find yourself not not_freely not_exploring places as much .
my planner tried to screw me , but Mia was an angel and moved me promptly to an exec room .
The latest version has an intermittent bug .
I clicked Add Photo and added one to the review that was never not_accepted , and it not_appears to have accepted the photo without the not_review , not_which is still visible .
Just got back from a trip in Spain and had numerous problems with this app .
Love this app but don t like the changes on the iPhone app ... .used to be able to filter by top rated & amp ; distance but no more not_; not_please fix this ! ! ! ! !
Can t figure out how to do that now ; there is no not_`` not_refresh '' mode after I zoom in on a geographical area now .
Is there a way I can uninstall the upgrade please ?
Every review must be verified through the property in one way or another .
It does not not_know not_where yo are at any more and does not not_provide not_location service .
Please add links ( or make them more obvious if I overlooked them ) to original websites for all items since your app can t possibly include everything the original site can provide .
With the removal of the `` restaurants near me '' feature I no longer not_can not_use it .
The map that when moved updated recommendations with things to do is now missing .
The only issue is that some people will try to ruin the reputation of some hotels or restaurants because of one mistake .
I rarely not_update not_apps at least for a few weeks to read the reviews on what the update does .
I love it and use it every time I plan a trip ,
JBK555 , The app used to be tolerable , but after just updating to the latest version , I clicked to view some forums and there is NO way to get out of them and back to the main app .
What happened to the near me now function ?
\\nI like being able to jump to the bad reviews to know what I might have in store for me .
This feature has been removed in the latest version .
There is not an not_effective not_way to use this app .
The screen just comes up blank when I click sign in .
Please , please , please fix ! ! !
These are just a few problems I noted on first use of rewritten app .
\\n\\nNeither of those options are available .
Where are the nice features of the old version ?
How do I see restaurants near my current location ?
How to I revise the search for the new location I ve moved the map to ?
This app , will be useful on my motorcycle trips .
I never not_made one not_so all my saves are gone !
The problem before was that the app and website were not not_always one in the not_same .
wonder UI design makes it easy for me to find what I need .
Why can t I search for B & amp ; Bs or guest houses ?
I am looking in Patan Nepal and can t search for these .
It also gave great day trip ideas that were fun .
Too many apps out there , guys , need to step it up !
Whether vacation planning , or business travel , this is the app you need to make sure you feel safe , feel comfortable , are satisfied with the service , food , etc .
I tend to provide reviews on the fly and my only wish is that I could edit them through the app .
\\n\\nI also wished that there was a way to respond to replies .
One hotel accurately described itself on TripAdvisor but was misleading on its website but I can t point this out .
Why would you do this ?
Why would you make an app for a mobile device that doesn t show what s around you ?
\\nThe search interface for the hotels doesn t allow you to see how the hotels are located on a map and when you drill down to hotel level it displays bing maps , which might be ok for traveling domestic , but once you cross the US border , it s maps are a joke .
It s very laggy , and crashes every single time I try to scroll through any pictures .
Overall the app lags constantly , and crashes often .
Right now the photo browsing does not not_work not_right .
I don t even want to do more searching because I know I will not not_be not_able to see photos when I find a hotel .
When I have my location off and enter a location for a restaurant , I get the message that I must be connected to the Internet .
Thanks for the team who made this .
That means it crashes easily and freezes often .
There is no way to not_save not_location for viewing offline .
Your favorites are saved , but accessible only when you have access to the Internet , so if you ve looked up a restaurant , but don t remember exactly where it is , you ll have to use international roaming just to check the map and see how close you are .
It is good lots of details , links to web pages\\nNeed to add GPS based location and some restaurants are missing ,
I really find this app useful when planning activities for a trip to a new location !
This is probably the most common operation in the app , so for it not not_work not_shows how little thought went into the design and implementation of this app .
90 % thru a restaurant review and Trip Advisor for iPhone 5 crashes .
Very useful to use when traveling or even just checking out places at home ,
Also it should not have a not_min not_text limit of 200 characters so I don t wear out my thumb .
This site and Members DEPEND on Reviews , it SHOULD BE EASY TO REVIEW Restaurants , motels etc . ; How can you contact website to ASK QUESTIONS , or Complain ?
Can t even write a good review cause I have not not_been not_able to use the app w/o it asking me every two seconds to rate it .
I needed a restaurant tonight in a city completely foreign to me and this app delivered with a variety of choices , and the reviews were spot on .
I tried to find a link to write a review on the iPad app because the website said it was having maintenance issues .
What is the problem here ?
I seem to find what I need fastest on the regular site .
You have to go to their website .
I love that option i hope in the future they could add more places ,
I was looking for a list of the top things to do in San Diego .
where is the index of hotel photos ?
what is the point of having two apps that are similar with the city one not not_having the not_photos because they are on the hotel app ?
please put the hotel photos back on the individual city app .
and please don t mix the professional photos in with reviewer photos .
this update crashes constantly .
i want to know what was wrong with the previous version because this update is a complete flop .
Buggy , just use their site .
Please update this app so it allows you to view your own contributions and/or subscriptions .
Program is very difficult to use esp if you need to change something !
\\nUnder facilities ( which itself is well hidden ) parking etc . is indicated as 18Euros/day but may or may not not_be not_available ( and may include additional unstated fees ? )
Just used it for a trip out West to some remote locations and it was a big help , both for dining , lodging and attractions .
I just don t understand the rating system .
How does a place with maybe 30 total reviews most of them excellent rate higher than a place with 600 reviews most of them also excellent ?
Before I plan any trip my first visit is to trip advisory to read reviews and ranks as to what they offer , price , rooms , locations , hotels , attractions , etc..
I been using trip advisory for years and it has never not_failed me not_especially when planning islands vacation .
I highly recommend this website to anyone who wants to plan a wonderful getaway .
And , it provides a great opportunity to give feedback on our experiences .
It creates awareness and belief amongst travelers .
\\nI simply just love it !
We have planned many great trips using the website .
I did a search for hotels in the Santa Ynez Valley area in California , which we know very well , but were looking to see if any new ones had popped up .
It may seem like a minor thing , but when I can access the full website and get more and better info , why would I choose to use a limited info app ?
Aside from the `` stars '' we find that reading a half a dozen or reviews from other travelers for each of out inquires provides the opinions , advice , hints and nuances we rely on .
Love trip advisor , everything you need to know as a tourist in one easy to use app .
Every time you go back to the list of hotels you have to re enter all of the filters all over again .
I love this site , the app aggravates me bc of frequent crashing on iPad !
Highly recommend this app/site !
I love the fact that there aren t pop ups , that you can also start conversations , ask questions and that you can run a search w updates if future plans are a few weeks off .
She needs to find a new career .
Having trouble figuring out how to do things ,
I have found the content to be valuable and it s easy to locate what you need quickly ,
If I m in NY or SF just ask a local .
Great program to help find restaurants , although I wish there were a way to weed out fake reviews .
I m using this to plan a vacation to Scotland and so far it has helped quite a bit .
This is my first time using it to plan a trip and so far it has helped make planning less not_complicated .
I will update my review once my trip is over .
I find the reviews to be very helpful and want to contribute .
It is the best guide you need almost any where you go in the world ,
Auden2319 , I just ate at Mint restaurant in garden city , ny and wanted to submit a review .
I recommend it .
I enjoy using trip advisor and would probably post more reviews if I could see a list and access my own reviews from the app .
Map could use some upgrades .
\\n\\nThe app is so bad that I ended up bookmarking pages from the mobile site ( eg , restaurants in London ) and adding those to my iphone home screen .
I use the off line app for the cities it is available .
I regularly use the `` saved '' feature when I hit upon a place I d like to revisit , but an enhanced feature would allow me to make a note to myself about a particular room I stayed in or dish I enjoyed .
When you have time for extended reviews OR when you just need to check the favorite local beach in the town you are visiting , TripAdvisor is there for you .
If you re someone who doesn t like to just `` wing it '' and you like to know that you re going to be in a clean hotel or eat at a fabulous restaurant , this app is for you .
I have to give this app 3 stars because you can t even view inbox messages .
No need to check through multiple apps ,
Planning a trip somewhere I ve never not_been and not_enjoying to helpful info and the many comments from people who have made the same trip .
Better then Yelp for traveling , since Yelp has a real issue with fake and untrustworthy reviews , and easier to use than other sites , what s not to not_love not_?
Must needed app for those cruisin the USA ,
I recommend this to everyone !
The apps does meet almost all of one s need .
As far as restaurant rating goes more work need to be done , the hours of operations is a must as we found out in our trip to Beaufort SC that a lot of theses places close on Mon & amp ; Tues which leaves you out of options.overall great job and looking forward to more saving .
I will have to delete this app since I can no longer not_use on my not_iPad .
When I am looking for a place to eat while traveling I like to know how it is rated .
Sometimes , you can t always find what you are looking for so you have to go on the website but , it s the majority .
The idea of this app is great and I love using it .
Uploading pics fails sometimes .
This app is missing many of the web page s features .
The reviews are usually up to date so I can trust the opinions to be accurate of the information i need now .
Great App but needs to add ALL airports .
I don t have a personal assistant but my work requires a fair amount of travel .
Having utilized Trip Advisor to plan our European vacation I can say it is the perfect travel planning tool !
I highly recommend it to novice and seasoned travelers alike !
Just remember that the reviews come from users so you should read a few before making a decision and even potential check another source just for reference .
So make sure especially if you are traveling somewhere where you may not have not_data not_service to have a source handy that isn t dependent on being connected .
Waste of my time writing a review that I can t post now .
I ve been using it for several months now & amp ; find it very helpful : ) I love that the app helps U shop the lowest hotel rates available online ! !
Great place to start looking for what you need to know ,
\\nThe search seems to be missing TONS of information ! !
\\nAlso , you can t access your profile for messages or saved posts/information etc.\\nI have the app and I use the website instead .
Great information to help plan an enjoyable vacation .
If you want great food , generous portions and good old hometown hospitality you must try Arnies cafe in Warrenton , Or .
\\nThings that you want to see may not not_be as not_good as you think this helps whittle them down ,
Would be nice to see locations on a map and view restaurant menus .
Great app for info you can use .
Plus you can t even post reviews from their app !
Based on Trip Advisor reviews , we made a reservation .
\\nI will post pictures later .
Planning your stays in unfamiliar cities is much easier with this tool .
I love the improvements and I use this app every time I plan a trip .
It would be nice to be able to enlarge the photos though .
They come from real people and I often submit my own review .
When you have time to sit and plan this app is always available with top notch resources .
Planning your vacation for actives and for the best price and having reviews is a win , win situation .
All info available is just what is needed !
Then , even when one learns how to suggest a correction for an obvious error , it is still not not_possible to even not_`` suggest '' changing the state in a restaurant s address .
\\n\\nAsst manager Jerry made our experience super ! ! !
I can not not_understand not_why I am not not_able to not_pull up B & amp ; B s in the area ?
This needs to be addressed .
There is no way to not_find not_them on the app .
I am 40 years old , and I always recommend it to my friends and clients .
This is the first place I go to plan a trip or select a place to eat .
\\n\\nIf you re a traveler and have an iPhone you should have this app ,
It is not a not_good not_thing .
This app has been very helpful whether going on vacation or just trying a different restaurant around town .
There is no not_easy not_way to add new places .
It is amazing on how much information it provides and while it may not not_cover not_every single hotel , restaurant or points of interest it is still is a must that you should never not_be not_without .
Everything I need reviews , pictures and travel links ,
Great on the fly when you are in a pinch and need to find something fast .
No Saved Trips that you personally put together to assist you when out & amp ; about with your mobile .
When you travel to the town of Assisi in Italy you must visit the best Wine Bar called Bibendi Assisi .
Do not not_miss not_this great wine bar .
I really think you should improve the app , because when I searched for Qatar only 4 hotels & amp ; 4 things to go to appeared whereas there is alot of places to go to in Qatar and obviously there are more hotels then 4 .
The app has all the functionality of the website and as long as u create an account ( you can link one to Facebook ) , u can access ur saves anywhere .
I am on the road 5 days out of the week and I needed a dependable application for locating hotels , restaurants , Starbucks , etc .
While the content is still second to none , a key piece of functionality now fails to perform .
On the spot help when I need it .
However , when I updated the app which was supposed to fix bugs , it deleted all my saved items that I had spent hours looking for .
We travel a lot and planning is so much easier with TA !
Do you really believe that i must sign in to change settings ?
I have tried to use this app on my iPad and it just doesn t work very well for me .
I finally gave up and just go to the website which suits me fine and never not_crashes .
This app provides no not_connection not_whatsoever to my Trip Advisor account and information .
I use it all the time and recommend it highly .
HollyLu , I can t figure out how to use it .
In towns where you are simply looking for a good place to eat that is nearby , this is an absolute necessity !
Helps me plan my trip with great detail .
Trip Advisor has become more interactive since I used it to plan a trip last year .
I was able to pick cities between here and there to see what was available .
What could be better ?
No need to prebook tours in US the Concierge staff can do it and know more about the sites .
The tips and forums has made a big difference on my Experience of Europe .
I m a traveling freak , I love to look at places and really get a good look at where I m going , because you know you can t just depend on pictures of the website .
s , Riccardo gave us one full day of fantastic views and informed commentary that could not have not_been not_duplicated .
I would recommend his services without not_hesitation and not_would feel our trip to Italy would have been lacking without the not_depth not_he added to our experience .
Have wasted time writing reviews on the app , as it crashes at the end and looses my review , other bugs , it s slow and you push on a button and it jumps all around to pages I don t want .
But I wish saved items could be viewed offline !
This is no longer not_available and not_make the app not as not_worthy as it not_was .
Not only do they provide great assistance in planning trips , eating out and so much else , but they also provide a secondary vacation by allowing me to review deeply the adventures I have had , providing fantastic psychic vacations !
Helped me plan my trip to Germany with ease .
I love to use tripadvisor for creating a wish list of all the places people recommend .
I like the app but it has some bugs that are annoying , when I do a search and then refine the search it limits the options of filtering for distance or rating and I have to then do a new search to get the other to work , also when I go into a specific restaurant then go back out to the search page it takes me back out to the wrong search , \\nNeeds work to be as good as it could be .
Type too small to read in reviews so must use iPad s accessibility feature why can t TripAdvisor allow stretching and zooming in ?
Four things would improve this and make it more like Yelp .
When dropping a pin on a map to show where something is the app also needs to also show the blue dot for where you are .
Directions should be given via google maps rather than Apple maps .
This app is helping me plan the perfect trip to Vegas ! !
I was looking for things to do in an area we are traveling to this website is perfect and not only not_gave a not_map but reviews .
When you select an attraction and click around to read reviews and view pictures and then go back to the full like it defaults back to the beginning of the list and you have to hit `` next page '' a several times to find the place you left off .
Everything you need to know is all right here in one app from reviews to prices and comparisons you can plan your entire getaway without not_getting a not_headache .
The only reason for not not_giving not_five stars is sometimes the app crashes without not_warning not_not a huge deal , but definitely annoying .
You ever found yourself away from home in an unfamiliar place and trying to find something to do ?
Then you have to go back to search , and zoom in from a global view .
Please consider adding the amount of reviews submitted next to the reviewer s name .
No user name is available even if using the most crazy made up thing ever .
Everyone says it is unavailable , so not not_much not_use of an app if you can t get past the login .
Not bad though and I can definitely see us using it on our trips and planning ! !
Love this app , but please fix this following behavior : \\n\\nChecking out restaurants at a certain location .
It would be nice to interface better with google maps to get more accurate pins .
\\n\\nI just downgraded my stars from 3 to 2 as I see I started this review a year ago , and the same problems exist still .
There is no way to not_get not_# 1 at the top , nor see all of the 43 .
\\n\\nI had to resort to going to Fodors website to find something to explore , then return to TripAdvisor app to see if I could find it in the list .
Capitaltreasure , Problems on the iPad sorry but this is 2013 and the app should have the same features as the full site .
Maybe I m missing it but I was hoping there would be a map view of the list ,
I have no not_problems with not_this app .
Easy to use , only wish more people posted thanks they find in their local areas so people had a better idea of what they can do from a local perspective ,
App needs portrait view so I can input information more easily .
Love having this app available , especially when traveling .
You can get reviews of almost anything in a city or country right when you need it .
Having noted these positives it would be nice if the app allowed one to vote for helpful posts .
Different views show different information which often requires digging in different places to put together a complete picture of ratings , price , menu , etc .
Where is the speciality lodging tab ?
If I don t take a look at this App I think about the place twice .
Please fix it !
If I m wrong , someone please post the way to do this Im all ears !
I am sure even Aliens would use this app when traveling on earth .
I couldn t plan a trip without it not_now !
But two issues with their app : 1 ) can t do multi city flights and 2 ) can t choose Premium Economy as a travel class .
Great for looking great deals near some places that you have to go ! ! !
The deal breaker is you can t check in on a location .
How can I manage my profile ?
I want to know what I have review , how many have been helpful .
The upgrade to this recent app has created many hiccups .
I am glad this app is available on iPhone and iPad .
Don t have to wait until you get home .
I like having this app on my phone for quick referencing .
I always use it to plan my trips !
The iPhone version of this app no longer not_supports not_location services .
It is not not_working not_reliably for searches .
We are planning a trip to New York .
Other reviewers comain about out of date info , but this has never not_been an not_issue for me .
I haven t had a problem using this app .
My only issue is that I can t figure out how to look at my own reviews after i ve posted them .
I just started a new position within my company that requires me to travel and I always refer to Trip Advisor for ratings on hotels and good places to get a hot meal .
\\n\\nI STRONGLY recommend this app !
I recommend it .
I use trip advisor before every trip I take and I recommend it to everyone .
To whom ever needs a concise informative and a very interactive tool to help make that crucial decision of where and how then the Trip Advisor App is the one ... ... .and i hate apps ... so try it .
I mostly use trip advisor on my laptop but have no not_issues with the not_app .
Why are not not_all of the not_restaurants in Vienna listed in order according to their ranking when that is what was requested ?
This bug should be fixed .
My last general issue with the apps is that they seem hotel oriented and some of the features direct you to hotels when users could just as often look to tripadvisor for restaurant information .
If some of these complaints could be addressed by the app developers , it would be very helpful .
I recommend this app .
I like this app it is informative and helpful if you are taking a trip you should use tripadvisor ,
You need to get the iPad App up to the same standards to include the same views and filtering options .
Please update the iPad App version ! ! !
I ve experienced a few facility location errors with Tripadvisor which have created confusion , and occasional disappointment .
Even after the latest update , this app crashed after I wrote a careful review .
Which I also gave a 5 ?
I have seen small insignificant restaurants take 1st rank with manipulations so I think this app needs to be monitored or not not_thought of as a not_credible reviewer ,
This has helped me plan a last minute trip and it has been fabulous ! !
JanetBMishner , It s all right here .
I can t leave home without it .
I am planning my entire vacation to Key West using trip advisor .
I made this suggestion about a year ago and still no not_update .
This app and Google maps have been all I need to plan our travels to Australia , Key West , Chicago , etc .
Just discovered the nifty point me there feature .
It doesn t have all of the features of the website : for instance , on the app I can t look back at what I previously reviewed .
Just to let you no you not_are not_dealing with a third party if your connection is late make sure you go to airport early if there is an earlier flight and make sure you talk to supervisor to change flight and let them call they were nice about the change after I was on hold for26 min just make supervisor SOS and you will be takin care of faster ,
\\n\\nAdd features available in the full web version such as adding the like button for reviews and adding details on the reviewers .
dawn could not not_be not_more helpful she knew everything and how to find it .
Just give it a try .
Please add the option of emailing listings and reviews .
From then on we just used the app and the user postings and ratings of attractions helped us to decide which to visit .
Users posted pictures which helped too .
Highly recommend this app .
However the mobile app is designed as a web page , but worse because if you loose your Internet connection ( for example because you were using the WiFi of a coffee shop ) there is no way to not_go not_back and see the places that you looked at moments before .
Therefore I end up creating screenshots in order to remember the names and addresses of the restaurants I want to visit , and that in no way not_is a not_good solution .
\\nBack button needs work as well .
I learned that trip advisor can help on finding on almost every place we wanted to know .
The app should be tweaked as it has some flaws .
I recommend you get this app and use it if you travel frequently and you just don t like surprises .
\\n\\nI hope this option becomes available again .
Just go back 1 page .
If yes , please tell me where .
If not , it not_s a not_problem .
Navigation icons have been removed everywhere in favor of a hidden lefthand menu which makes basic use of the app more difficult .
\\n\\nTrue you can ask to see your saved hotels in say only Chicago , but if you then want to look for your saved restaurants in Chicago , you have to do a second sort .
\\n\\nIf you don t have this app , it s certainly worthwhile , but if you do take a careful look at the latest version before you upgrade .
It would be nice if you could add your own notes , have a vacation budget planner , and print itineraries .
Lots of reviews available .
Every time I log on to my TripAdvisor account through Facebook on my iPod Touch , it crashes .
This glitch needs to be fixed .
I no longer have to not_research not_ahead of time where we are going to eat , I just pull up the app and usually have something picked out in under 10 minutes .
Same for attractions , I love that you can sort by popularity , this gives me a quick way to find things for us to do in an area we have never not_been .
It d be great if there was a way to see my `` saves '' sorted by distance as well as a way to mark them as seen .
Use it every time I plan a vacation .
I travel ALOT for work I m always on the road in different places this app makes things like hotels and places to eat super easy to find ,
Many functionalities ( e.g . Ratings ) are not not_working not_properly on iPad .
I am planning a driving trip in California and selecting my hotels using this app as I virtually drive up the coast .
Haven t had any problems with anything so far .
This is highly counter intuitive and should be addressed .
It s amazing that you can even get hotel prices all within the app .
\\nUpdated version is terrible , let me have the old one back please\\n\\nWe love this app and take it everywhere we travel .
Everywhere we have chosen off of Trip Advisor has been spot on , and when we travel we want to have great experience and Trip Advisor and fellow travelers make that happen !
\\nStill love this app , used it 4 times just today !
Clicking Okay reopens Tripadvisor which tells me it is unable to retrieve Facebook profile data .
We use Trip Advisor almost exclusively when we are planning a trip .
We spent two weeks in Canada last summer and planned the entire trip thru Trip Advisor .
The map is not not_working on not_newest version , so renders the app totally useless .
Please fix the map so you can zoom in and out .
I can even look up how to get there my only complaint is you can only look up towns but not not_neighborhoods not_like Manhattan ,
Saves I made in the web based TA are not not_showing not_up in the ipad app version .
They should have information about the place so you know the importance of it and what it is .
\\nBefore you go to the graduation , you will have to print your parking pass utilizing the password .
You have to go through several check points .
After the ceremony the recruits are now in the Navy and get to go on `` Liberty '' but must be returned to the base in their barracks by 9:30 .
They also have to meet a set of buddies at the visitors center so they are not not_walking not_alone and are accountable to each other .
Easy access and great for when you are planning trips .
I recommend this one for the traveler or the person wanting to experience something different .
This has been the best app that I have found so far to help me plan my upcoming vacation .
I love that you can search for top rated activities and restaurants near hotels or guesthouses .
If you are looking for B & amp ; B s , there is no way to not_get to the not_whole ranked list for a city .
There needs to be clickable access on every b & amp ; b review to get back to the master list and in the drop down HOTEL menu b & amp ; b needs to be a choice .
Sorry to complain but who needs to get infuriated just trying to get to the treasure trove of info .
Keep doing a wonderful job but please fix this .
A friend recommended it .
I have tried to get information on TA and all I see is this statement that the review has been removed .
Just use common sense when reading and judging ,
I use the app all the time to find anything I need about traveling .
I quite like having a portable travel resource .
Amazing app just need to please add ability to select what amenities u want for the hotel .
The app , itself gives you access to virtually everything you need to know to plan your trip .
For a particular site , hotel , etc . for which you need to know more , the app has a built in web browser which takes you to iPad friendly web sites .
It will do everything else ... but it claims it can t search without not_internet not_connection .
\\n\\nUpdate : The map problem is even worse than it thought .
\\n\\nIt is possible that the incorrect locations arise when you zoom or move the map but in any event it is a major bug !
I enjoy reading the reviews and adding my own .
Just needs to work with iMacs or another map program to get from point to point ,
Lets you plan a great vacation ,
See above !
I highly recommend this app to anyone !
I love that I can use my iPad to plan trips and such however I wish this app also would let me manage our page for the restaurant I work for ,
A must have for those that travels and are looking for places to check out .
At this point mobile needs to be just as capable as desktop .
Please increase features !
I used it to plan ahead my stays for business or pleasure .
\\n\\n I highly recommend to use it when overseas .
\\nI recommend this app before going on any trip .
\\n\\nI looked at the mobile website and it s exactly the same , the app just provides the interface outside of Safari .
If you travel you need this ap .
\\n\\nI like how on this app , it is possible to find the place you have looking for with such few keystrokes .
I then find pictures a few days or even a few years after the fact that I wish I could add to it .
10 % of the population are never not_happy not_so they need to vent about it .
Now that I have found Trip Advisor , I do not not_do not_anything travel related without not_consulting it not_first .
If you do any traveling , for business or for fun , you must check out Trip Advisor !
However , the ratings don t provide you with the perspective you need to make a decision : a hotel could have fantastic ratings , but all entered by backpackers on a low budget , which isn t useful to you if you re on a business trip and/or looking for something a bit more upscale .
More than the rating itself , what I d like to know is : who are the people providing those ratings ?
What are their standards ?
I can t find any of my reviews , for example it isn t personalized to me at all .
\\n\\nDecent app tripadvisor , but stil need to work some more to get 4 or 5 stars from me .
Allows me to get an idea what is available in the area I am traveling in .
Worthless how can I plan a trip ?
We would plan some of the big events ahead of time like Broadway shows but wanted to be able to be impromptu and decide on some things at the last minute the United Nations tour , or shopping at local fun stores .
I think there should be an option for quieter areas to go to , since most places are very touristy and crowded .
If I had the choice I would just use the website .
Excellent app for planning a quick getaway , and flexing along the way as plans change .
They need to show B & amp ; B , small inns .
We started using TripAdvisor two years ago and we look up everything when we are planning a trip .
The App defaults to showing hotels only , you have to figure out how to filter it on the far right of the map to show B & amp ; B s also .
I started using this since last week for a new trip to SFO and Grand Canyon and this provided tons of information with real user forums .
Trip Advisor provides very useful information but extremely difficult to search .
It needs a great deal of work to improve its functionality .
\\n\\nIt s a bug that needs to be fixed !
The fun of exploring thru this app creates travel dreams and a great education .
You need this if you travel ,
Great app , just love it .
just love it !
In some locations 2/3 of the listings are missing .
\\n\\nThe iPhone version seems fine , but on the iPad , just use the web site and skip the miserable app .
That is why you have to make a personal decision on things .
I also like that i can add any places and review them .
Every traveller should have this app all the time\\nGreat App ,
Just leave me alone about writing a review !
Easy to get what you need .
I always consult Trip Advisor whenever we are planning a trip .
Nothing else needs to be said !
I really like this app because it doesn t pick which places you want to go for you .
I don t know specifically if you have to pay to be featured on yelp but when I type in `` restaurants '' only select ones show up .
It does just what I need it to !
s mama , Just downloaded the app can t wait to use it on vacation in April in St. Martin ,
Like other posts , all it needs is a link to past reviews .
Good please add a simple link to profile where you can see pending or past reviews .
I will try restaurants and things to do that do not have a not_5 not_star rating overall only because not not_every not_person s opinion would be the same as mine .
I highly recommend this app !
\\n5 stars if you make changes to the above listed items .
Anything further , however , and I would still use the site .
Where is all my stuff ?
Where are my reviews ?
This app needs some improving !
Love this gives me all the info I need exactly when I need it !
Previously , multiple restaurants or hotels could be viewed , so that a choice could be made based on proximity , in addition to TA rating .
It would be more useful if a set of selected hotels could be mapped out together , to see where they are in relation to one another .
I don t mind groupings by price but how about a way to see them by top rankings by trip advisor .
Fix those bugs and you might have something here !
For the search it needs to have more filters/options to find what you are looking for .
to see if I wrote it , what I wrote , etc.\\n\\nGood app could just use some improvements ,
Has been ever so helpful in helping me plan various vacations around the US .
Very reliable and provided us with much needed information .
Need more information on golf courses ... .will use it on every trip we take ,
The iPad version of this app needs work .
No where in this app do I see a place to read my past reviews or see how many reviews I ve posted , or how many people have read my reviews , etc.\\n\\nCompanies need to realize that apps should contain ALL of the same functionality as the website and not just the not_primary not_ones .
The app crashes all the time ,
I can not not_add a not_restaurant that is not in the not_list ,
Everything I need to know , and then some.honest reviews .
I can t open this app .
We are planning a trip to Paris in April the app has been a great help , making reservations & amp ; using the suggested tours ,
Also , almost every time I go back to the main menu , the app crashes .
With this app , it s just not not_possible not_?
We were unable to plan much ahead of time so the trip advisor app helped to guide us toward a great experience !
The quasi worldwide coverage TripAdvisor provides is invaluable .
User reviews you can trust by people like you that live to travel and enjoy life .
Compare how easy it is to use the yelp app for similar info and you ll see where the TA app needs to go .
It is fairly uninspiring in its presentation of the rich content that TripAdvisor has , is pretty slow , and crashes more than it should .
It seems a bit more thought could be given to this .
Ok I requested a high floor in the k tower got 7th fl\\nI m a silver elite .
\\nRoom is just ok\\nI thought It would be renovated but nooo carpet generic bathroom : ( \\nHad to request towels and bathrobes\\nOverlooking `` the city ? ''
Takes forever to load , and search and filter options either partially or entirely fail .
Why all this you may ask ?
You don t have to spend a lot if money on a book to do this in .
Just have fun & amp ; enjoy doing a journal ( which ever kind you do ) .
Ashley22882288 , You have to take the good with the bad .
A great help to find attractions and hotels in the place I intend to go .
Is there anyone experiencing the same with me ?
I highly recommend it !
So I need to retype everytime .
Works well , no not_complaints , only not_wish I could plan specific trips .
Use your smart phone to pull up trip advisor on the Internet , do not not_waste your not_time with this app .
Now that I have the app , I can use the `` near me now '' feature to find restaurants in the area .
It helped my husband and I plan our whole honeymoon .
Why log in if you just want information .
I use it to plan all my trips .
This app is helping me plan our next vacation to Mexico .
I always try to submit something for restaurants , hotels , or other establishments to provide honest and timely information .
Love trip advisor and use it often on the computer , but this app doesn t provide you with proper search options .
I ve been somewhat frustrated and the Trip Advisor App finally got me the information I needed , quickly and efficiently .
Find it annoying that when looking at specific restaurant in a list for a location and cuisine , and trying to go back to the list , Tripadvisor forgets location and/or cuisine and you have to start over .
This is not a not_problem on not_web and iPhone versions .
It really does exactly what you need it to ... advise you on any trip to anywhere ! ! !
Why the f would I want to know about an attraction in Germany when I am looking for something on the other side of the planet near my current location ? !
Helps with picking the right hotel , finding the right restaurant , so far the app has not not_failed me .
Trip Advisor helps you make an informed decision when you are planning a trip .
If you can t print both good and bad , then I have no not_use for not_trip advisor as they are being dishonest .
It will also freeze or crash semi frequently .
a couple of updates ago , they made the app basically their mobile website , when beforehand their app was an actual app which simply downloaded content .
It helped me planned my whole trip , like where to stay and eat , what to do around town .
We now go to Trip Advisor when we plan trips .
You can search hotels , restaurants , and things to do ; save what you like ; and it will plot everything on a map .
Links to websites , photos , reviews , everything you need to make planning a trip easy !
She recommended the 2specials plus their 2best sellers , we decided one one of the specials and one of the favorites .
Please add landscape support for your fat fingered users !
Please give us the option to view in portrait .
\\nHow much do you want to spend ?
\\n\\nThat formula has always worked for me , and I depend on Trip Advisor anytime I am unfamiliar with a destination and need a place to stay .
This app needs to be repaired .
I put in a town I was planning to visit , and it came up with a completely different location .
I intentionally made note of what exit it was , nothing better than knowing where you can find a clean room when you re traveling .
Have used this online numerous times but just got the app to help with finding a restaurant .
Thanks Trip Advisor , you made my road trip awesome ! ! ! ! ! !
Totally recommend * ,
I would never not_use not_another app to find hotels , restaurants and attractions for my travels .
Once , a negative review of a cruise made me book that cruise line as the negatives were positives for me .
You can tell the world immediately with this great app .
Trip Advisor not only not_made an not_excellent vacation but made it possible .
Good to `` save '' the places you find in your searches and the use it to plan a trip ,
\\nAnd they even have an app that loads to your phone and no not_data not_is required ( as long as you load the city before you use it ) ,
Maybe it s because I usually travel in Asia , but it would be much easier and faster to just use the website instead of the app !
Don t plan a trip without it and not_this not_App makes it easier than ever !
Please find a way to bring this mainstay of your website to the app/mobile version .
Your reviewers need it !
Great app when you are new to an area or on travel when you need the skinny on places around you ,
\\n\\nThere are lots of options in other places for ranking hotels and restaurants , but if you really want to know about a place , just listen to someone who has been there !
Travel guide is also extremely useful as the GPS will work even if you have no not_Internet .
The game remains how to navigate for what you need without not_heading not_somewhere you don t want to .
This app has great information if you are trying to plan a trip .
I think you need to screen more your sources ... as i have been dissapointed twice .
Although one of our plates did not not_come with the not_others , they immediately provided a `` temporary '' one until we got what we had ordered .
Saved locations seem to vanish , it doesn t say what you re logged in as , and now it seems to have forgotten our username .
There should be few terrible and poor ratings , and any should be related to specific bad experiences or bad behavior by some staff member .
If the problem happened many months ago , perhaps it has been corrected .
Do not not_hesitate to not_ask before you commit .
We use this app whenever we travel or when planning a trip .
I love using Trip Advisor to plan my travels ... the reviews are extremely helpful !
Filter functionality needs improvement , more options .
Trip Advisor on a PC is my favorite tool for learning about a city I am planning to visit .
Great app , generally easy to use , but why no not_auto not_rotate feature ?
Just spent 10 minutes reading about a hotel and searching for contact info , which wasn t listed in the app .
All the tools you need to plan your vacation are right at your finger tips with this great app !
It s great how you can review an area and save the things you would like to do in that area for when you visit next .
Jellsgirl , I have no not_problem with not_this app !
needs to change logo colour otherwise best app\tGud ,
Why do I need to pay all of a sudden ?
getting lower and we still pay for it\tPlease make the picture view adjustable since lage device took roll .
Why on earth do i never not_recieve not_notifications from this app ?
I ve checked my settings a thousand times , everything is great there , but why dont i recieve notifications ?
Most necessary app\tIts simply pointless purchasing a smartphone that does not not_support not_whatsapp .
Need to see contacts profile pictures\tNeed to fix the problem where people can see their contacts pictures ,
I am not not_able to not_add any , nor view any which have UTF8 chars in the name .
Good app but wont let me get wifi please make it on a tablet ,
status suggestion feature can hav random quotes available means by refreshing it can show a new quote .after all ur app sounds like wassup .but u deserve 5 stars .
But why not a not_new not_design ?
Zero start Fail to load\tContinuously hangs and , I can t open this app .
Just remove the last seen record .
Good application\tThis is fast and provides data immediately .
hope the makers will have a look on it too in the coming updates .
Really appreciate\tWhat is a very wonderful chattin network.indeed it might help to chat with friends wherever u want but beware thre is a drawback that you must connect to a wifi network ,
We can use it for many things\tIt is good but it take many internet ,
Bhknb\tY this application is not not_working not_properly on my phone ,
Not fair\tAs much as I love to use Whatsapp , I am wondering why my version of Whatsapp only has one year limit while my friend has unlimited usage ?
please increase data limit more than 12 m.b . kuldeep .
Please The Profile pic I don t want To anyone to see it Anyone i don t know but have my number !
Why it s works slowely ?
Comm made easy\tUpdating is the only problem .
Bug should be fixed\tI like this app but Its continuously giving error and stopped crashing please fix this bug .
needs to be made free\tneed to be made free for 5 stars ,
Keeps crashing\tNot only did it crash , it also wiped my whole phone .
new update is worse\tI am using it on note3 and ever since I updated the new version I am unable to send songs to my contacts .
privacy is another issue .
Crashing\tIt crashed 2 times in 10 minutes .
Nice app\tGood work bt stil needs improvement ,
Very good app\tI wish it can work with two number in same phone or work with dual sim card for both number when it will be Work for dual sim card mobile plz .
Bakwas application\tAlways not not_responding not_problem occurs can t shows messages .
Ma fav\tI just love it ,
But the problem is very slow running to update .
But I d suggest two important features which are available in many other messengers .
Why this is available on iOS while it s not on not_android .
This must be added common .
Whtsap is hngng smetms ... nw need an updte whch cn imprve whtsap ... please give updte quckly ,
Art support\tWaiting for the update since a month , all the other apps except whatsapp supports it ; coz of which I can t use art .
NICE\tPlease fix the Whatsapp..all my contact profile picture can not not_see .
Earlier it was running awesome but since d last update its running very slowly , plz resolve d prob ! ! !
why\twhy my whatsapp have not not_settings not_?
Good\tI can not not_see the not_last seen statements though ?
How abt u give the android users the same functionality ?
Crashes\tApp crashes frequently on HTC phone .
above average as it needs more emotions .
Installation problem\tI am not not_able to not_install whatsapp on lenovo A269I ,
Four stars\tIts a wonderful app and provides a good way to stay in contact with peepz but its needs more improvement especially in de area of speed ,
Not happy\tI want d developer to improve the app cz I updated my fone to 4.1.1 and the app is not not_working ,
New Flags added does nt work.plz update .
Please make an Update of LAST SEEN FREEZE or HIDE LAST SEEN options .
85 out of 100 need this kind of Update .
Media sharing\tIts good but can be better and if mb in media sharing can incresed then it will be excenlt so please improve it so that I can give it 5 stars ,
Please Add More Features\tPlease Add More Features Like Whatsapp + ( plus ) ,
Its not at not_all not_connecting.please sort it down ,
No block list\tas i updated No block list , ,
It should have a built in protection system .
Great\tGreat app but need some improvement for IOS devices ,
Please i need your help .
Cool app\tPlease make sure that we can delete media received from memory and not just not_from not_chat .
They have to fix the update feature properly so that it done at a one go and possibly twice for it to activate previous whatapps conversation account .
Is that true and if so why can t you set it up ?
Can talk to ny1 around d world.but d probz is dat it needs updation every month ,
S4\tPlease we need a Zimbabwean flag ,
Using too much memory\tWhatsapp is using too much memory You have to do something whatsapp team for users having low memory ,
Payements\tGood but why can t it be free like skype ?
I cant download image and videos sent\twhen i try to download image or videos , it says `` download was unable to complete , please try again later '' .
i have tried to uninstall , the problem is still the same .
Please Check the problem .
Some defect\tPlease correct this defect when will listen to a voice note than the screen becomes whole black and we are not not_able to not_clearly hear the voice in my s4 ,
What is error 927 ?
Whats up is fail to download ... is there any solution ?
Hello\tSucess is not not_spontaneous not_smbustions result you must set up yourself on fire ,
Alone\tSo bad not not_updating not_new version to my Mobil only only it is coming error 919 ( : ,
RECHARGE\tHow can I pay for whatsapp ?
It can t upgrade .
It doesnot need email id or other it just work on mobile number .
I just luv it .
But there should something from which we can set the time that this time these sms sholud be sent automatically .
Karbon a90\tNot work ,
Please just increase the upload limit .
I m using galaxy grand and this option is not not_available not_unlike other ios .
But every single year you have to pay for it .
Error crashing\tNot working with HTC desire C properly it crashes again and again ,
But I ignored since I dint wan na update it .
Why is it compulsory to update it ?
Amazing app defenetly i cant live without it not_xx not_: ) ) but i think they should include phone calls like viber and line x : / but its ok x ,
Over all its a good app , for being the best one ; need some extra features .
Good\tBut `` last seen timestamp off feature '' needed which is available in ios ! ! !
NYC app\tNow I can send all things to my frnds but this app cant send document so plzzz update the app for documents ,
I totally recommend it for anyone .
plz note i dont want to press CLEAR DATA bcz i need to setup my account again then .
Great\tIt is really good that you can text and send pictures for free ,
Manish\tThis is an extraordinary app I just love this app ,
Disappointed\tI loved this app now it wont let me update it and if I dont it wont let me on it ,
how to update ?
i want to update whatsapp bt there is not not_option for not_updation..please suggest .
Quick and cool yet need some modifications .
Please fix this asap .
Saumil\tIt is grate app I need it I like it ,
its boaring nw\tbc ye to update bhi nai ho rha ,
I just love whatsapp .
Good app\tPlease increase the number of people you are allowed to include in the group ,
Just add a feature .
please add it .
I just love it .
Its one of my fav ; ) \tI just love this app ,
Nice\tVery useful app ... .looking forward to its new feature I hope you could make it more nicer ,
Good but\tHighly recommend to include ( hide my online status feature ) I don t know why it is late up to now for Android , although I phone enjoyed this feature long time ago !
Great\tGreat app love it and very useful..but need mor emoji ,
Can t send pictures\tAlways failed when send pictures .
gud\tBut u should provide option to move in sd card ,
Its really very good\tHiding last seen as well as online should b added to it , if this should b added then 5star for it .
Love the app but the should add the go invisible option for android users like they have it for the iPhone !
I suggested all .
Not compartible\tFailed to download i hear 402 crap Yet i once had it .
Good feature\tI like this apps , but we need voice call also .
BT needs self destruct timer\tYet d only gud app available as compared to other social apps ,
The app needs an update in order for me to be able to use it , but it won t let me update and just says `` error 919 '' .
Please fixed the problem .
Good\tVery good app but , we have a problem with a Google payment in our area ! ! !
Should have nice icons same with viber and line ... please improve ,
Broken for Android Runtime users\tAndroid KitKat 4.4 users running ART environment get errors trying to reinstall whatsapp after original install crashes on opening app .
Please fix asap !
Great.just great\\rIt would be better if you could choose your own profile picture using the internet n IF IT WAS completely FREE !
Android users need new design too ,
more emotions and characters should be added otherwise its a great app .
Good app\tVery nice app to download..the group number however must be increased ,
This app is awesome and I highly recommend it !
Profile pictures don t appear\tNow I am unable to see others profile pictures until I send them a msg or they send me ! !
Please fix this .
Videos\tI understand that there is a limit for the size of a video , but why cut it to such a low resolution ?
You don t need Facebook or anything like that .
Please make it start smoother and more responsive .
We need more smoothness for a simple chat app .
Epic\tExcellent app to use , strongly recommended you to use whatsapp ,
Disappointed\tWhy would whatsapp want access to send txt messages from my phone ?
And why would you need access to use my camera without my not_permission not_?
Thank God for everything that he provides u with amen\tAmen ,
Can i have the free trail longer\tGreat app but needs to be free for longer maybe even longer ? !
This app needs to update its users availability since some users in my contact had deleted their whatsapp but in my whatsapp s list , they were still there .
Rubish\tIt wont let me update it .
Well it updated it , it just wont let me open the app app anymore ! ! !
Good app bud\tIs it possible to make the screen light when a new message is received and add stickers like Viber ?
Why the need for my location ?
Teach me please\tWhatsApp how to update ,
Whats app Hey its good , but don t have edit option and remove option , , please improve it .
Why don t you fix bugs ?
Just one thing\tLast seen must be removed or hidden .
Galaxy young\tWant to changed that whatsapp bar icon colour not not_green not_colour please another colour ,
Brilliant just brilliant\tThe only bad thing is that after a year you have to pay : ( if it wasn t for that than this is the best app ever ! !
need Improvement\ti just want that there should be option for send photo of our set resolution means hd that we take from our mobile without not_any not_conversion whatsapp developers plz pay consern to this issue people need this , many people miss this thing so i hope you will soon launch update regarding this issue .
Nothing like this its lovely\tI am doing all my working on this app I am loving it after I started using this app I even forgot to work on email ,
Still need update\tUpdate it ,
ok\tplease provide new whatsapp vigin ,
A very nice app to stay in touch with people\tThere is some problem with the notification center .
Good\tGood awesum app just love it ,
Wasup every 1 am new here and I need grate friends to chart with ok ,
Note 3\tStill needs to improve on its last seen status .
I just loved it ,
I am unable to access whatsapp as every time I click on icon , it doesn t open .
But same problem occurred again after few days .
Whatsapp is awsum and every one should use it .
All age people can use it with smile on thier face .
W\tNot working porpali update and update what is this ?
Michaemogu\tGood but needs to improve further .
But it would be easier if you could just search a username rather than a contact ,
It still needs updates !
Add my flag\tPlease add flag of Pakistan and i ll give it a 5 star : ) ,
Needs Sd card Installation\tIt should have the option to install on sd card as it takes around 20mb of phones internal storage .
After the new update it crashes down often and I need to reboot to get it sorted out .
Please add new emojis .
After the update it crashes when I send a video .
I m using HTC desire , and it is crashing every day ... .and every day i hav to re install.whats app..please team improve it .
Sending a picture is an absolute pain , why can t I use my phone s stock gallery instead of WhatsApp s clunky replacement ?
Good\tI will give it five star but I am unable to send multiple videos from gallery to any contact on my nexus 5 please fix it as soon as possible ,
We need to scroll down all the way again to resume from the last status we saw ... ..please fix this then il give a 5 star ,
I am not not_able to not_update this\tPls fix it ,
Not supporting download\tI think you need to do more on it by making it posible to make download if someone send you picture or audio u need to be able to download it .
Please add an option to transfer admin power in group chat .
Feeling sad\tI had been using whatsapp above 2 months and then bcoz it told to update it n i dint do .
N i tried to install it again after uninstalling it n it is not not_able to not_install its telling unsufficient storage space though i have storage space in my mob .
Pls help i need it back ,
Connecting prob\tMy whatsapp is not not_working not_... continuely it is showing connecting please solve my prob ,
Help me\tHow to get unblock if someone block me ,
Excellent app\tExcellent App Just Needs an option to show or hide last seen watsapp status .
This is d best app ever but can anyone tell me how to turn off ur last seen ?
None of my contacts are available , and I m not not_available to not_them .
Hide last seen\tIt must include option of hide last seen ... this will enhance its popularity as well as features .
From about twenty days , I had been getting update that whatsapp needs to be upgraded !
Good\tGood but needs improvement .
But this bug needs to be fixed !
I tried removing him from the group or adding him back in but to no not_avail .
Till now , I am unable to add him back into the group CHATS .
i don t want to update it : ( ,
: ( \tNow Updating Whtsapp It Is Not Working On My Samsung Y Duos .
Only real issues , are that 1 ) the text doesn t always react like it should when adding a new line between sentences , and 2 ) notifications in status bar at top keep reappearing even when dismissed .
Update\tReally annoyed at how much over had to delete to take this new update or else it won t work I payed for 5 years do not not_expect to not_be told I can t hav it because of an update ,
Why will you allow the app to take pictures without our not_permission not_?
Please add support .
each n every time requires a new update of fuckin huge size .
Its ossim I m just loving it\t ( : ) ,
Need to save the data in sd card not not_phone not_memory whatsapp memory includes 300 to 400mb which waste a lot of mem ,
But recently , I am unable to send n receive audio .
Please fix this .
Never had this problem before .
Just one thing if u made gif pictures to b suported would b much cooler ! ! ! !
Need more addition\tLuv this but need mre improvements ,
Excessive New Permissions\tI enjoyed this app , but it has shutdown until I update .
You don t seem to be improving anything with the app , just forcing access to every aspect of my device .
The new app doesn t get installed\tThe app asked me to upgrade within a specified timeline which I failed to do .
Please let me pick images from my android gallery , the thumbnails load WAY faster over there .
More features to Admin\tI hope that you make the whatsapp more fun by giving the Admin more options like Giving Silence to a member or make a new feature like voting , all the best ,
Not happy with update\tI am using htc desire c whataps get hang even it not not_get not_open need to fix this issue ,
So much problems for the verification code , but what s app is average !
Please fix this problem .
not not_opening\tAfter not_working properly for around 5 months , it fails to open now .
Storage\tYou all must think for phone with low internal storage ! !
Failed to update\tWhy isn t it installing and updating ?
Nice\tBut need more improvement ,
Its quite good\tNeed more options ,
Average\tIts good but you need to improve on how somebody can do some settings of privacy on his/her profile .
should include security\tthe only thing missing now in whatsapp is security anyone having your number can check your profile and even message you installed the lasted build available on website camera option is cool to have but would have preferred Sony s default camera over android stock camera ,
It says insufficient storage available after deleting the data in the whatsapp folder .
Please\tCancle the cost because line and hike are free yet .
Please fix that .
Can t load images from gallery\tCan t load images from gallery ,
Please fix my problm ... wheneva i try to update it .
Why does this app need access to my google account , sms messages and access my calls ?
Good\tNeed facility to attach documents as well ,
Good but needs fixing\tWhen texts are sent sometimes they take a long time to be received by the other person .
Please fix this it is really annoying .
Will rate 5 stars when this has been fixed but overall other than that problem it is a great app !
Samsung Galaxy SL\tAwesome app just love it But please add a little more features ,
Great app\tIts good but why are there no not_black not_emoticons ?
Last seen should have privacy .
We should have option to show ourself offline or online .
Please take out some middle way to have privacy by nt showing .
2014 version\tWe want to update 2014 version .
Just install , enter your phone number and away you go .
You don t need to add people to your contacts , if you have them in your phone contacts already and the person is using what s app they will show up !
In truth if you do have to pay I believe it s no more not_than not_around 70p for a year !
I would give 5 stars , but considering that you can not not_use it not_if you do not not_update , a not_4 star rating seems right .
It s quite irritating to have to update if you just want to send a quick message .
Keeps saying there s an error and the download has failed .
Five star\tI want to update my whasap ,
whatsApp need more improvement like build everlasting network and stop everday updated .
Whats hppn to whats up\tI tried to update sevral times , after full download it says error 909 .
The emotions need a bit work ... other than that evry thing is prfct : ) ,
Good app\tNeed some improvement like hiding messages and data .
Hiii\tHow are you ?
them send voice verification nd then fails that also .
Update doesn t work\tThere s an error code every time I try to update and now my version is obsolete ! ? ! ?
Just fix it .
Wht do you have to pay ?
Now you have to pay to use whatsapp .
Good\tIt is good ... .but please provide facility to send sms to non whatsapp mobiles via internet gateways .
Nice but more privacy needed\tPlease do something so that num doesnt get viral and do something so that the profile pic doesnt gets saved and please make the update more easier to download its frustrating when your app doesnt gets downloaded after waiting for a long time ,
Very bad update\tDnt like to update version many more times .
Nyc app\tDis app is jst what we need ,
I have received messages from the Server asking me to update my whatsapp .
But when I tried updating it , it said `` No Storage Available '' .
The competition has paid attention to this and made its app such that can include more number of people .
I tried to update it but was not not_able to not_do the same .
Suman Choudhary\tWhat sApp is awesome but it needs to improve file specification .
Reminder option in the group\tCan you guyzz add a reminder option in the groups .
Whats app is amazing but ... it could use a few more things like whats app should have video chat , more emojis , and the limot for media must be MB60 ,
I m unable to use watsapp , coz it s asking me to update the new version and whenever i m trying to do that it comes up wid a msg saying low storage space , wherein my phone has memory storage space of more than 3gb .
Failed\tFailed to download ,
do i miss any update ?
I love whatup but they got to stop this updating thing\tEish it eats up alot of airtime trying to update it ,
Edit\tWhatsapp should have an option where you can change the color of the bubble chats and themes .
In the previous version , when you open the `` send message '' button , the search for contacts categorises the contacts into ; RECENTLY CONTACTED , GROUPS and another category I can t recall .
Good\tReally awesome But it should have video calling also ,
But still awesome social messenger I just love it ,
Why do you charge for whatsapp ?
You need to make whatsapp free like other chat sites ,
I m just afraid my device will getting slow if I update this app now .
If this could be included in the next update , 5 star rating sorted .
on a serious note : please don t start charging , I don t mind the fact that its not a not_lot of not_money , but I don t want to connect a credit card to the phone .
You got ta have it , right ?
Why would you guys shut it down but not not_add not_theming options and all the other nice additions yourself ?
Also do not not_go the not_way of skype or tango with ads .
Its good application but why we can not not_hide our not_online status ?
It s great\tIt s great only one feature we are missing that is video calling ,
I have to uninstall it again and again as it is getting hanged ... please do something .
More update\tHello please make a new update of the display view .
just if you could add meme part to the emoticons ,
cool\tI just love this app able to call and text anyone around the world but it would be nice that it could be two years free ,
It provides everything that I need from a single messaging application in a neat design and layout .
Great app\tWhat s app is good but need to add more flags in emotions Pakistani flag add please ,
What s up excellent app\tIf you have internet you can chanting with ur frnd easy I like it ,
Since January 2014 however it has been failing to deliver on a number of occasions and a number of friends noticed the same thing .
What s app ... you re slipping !
None of the new flags added are working please work on that ASAP ,
Which app doesn t , am I right ?
Nice\tGreat but should have stickers ,
Great\tBut we need to be able to disable `` last seen '' on Android , just like we can on iOS .
u need to improve ur user interface ,
Good app\tGood app for chat but need more inovations .
Great\tBut still need option to stay offline and seriously need a fresh UI .
Whatsapp rocks\tProbably the best app for communicating , sharing jokes etc , would have rated a 5 star , but problem is that it stops working after some time .
Great , could always use enhancements ,
Best\tNeed improvements ,
Lov it\tI just love it ,
Unable to verify\tDuring verification , i have entered my phone number three times and on each occassion 1 ruppee is deducted please help me out ,
Whats app\tLove it ... needs more emojis ,
Only one problem when using this app , please fix the bugs .
Vry gooooood\tBut i think there should be multiple touch of contacts to forward messages ,
Its a fantastic app which connects you frm all ur familu membersnd frnds ... like this ,
Need stickers\tNeed stickers as provided in hike messenger people starting to move to hike so pls provide stickers ,
Nice app\tNice app but any call or msg its hang pls update that thing ,
Not good\tI can t open it in my HTC one v it automatically shuts down ,
Buuuuuut the video take forever to get to the opposite party\tI just don t like one thing !
Good app but need update\tWe would have to update it after every six months ,
Can you guys Please let me know why is it so difficult to download this app ?
Suggestions\tPlease upgrade the wallpaper .
there could be much better security like we have to download an app lock whereas whatssap should keep a lock by themselves othervise it is a nice app ,
After the update can t recieve audio and can t record or send .
: / please fix and will give 5 stars .
Nice app but video sending limit is only 15 mb that should be increased ,
Increase participants in a group\tincrease participants in a group Update it .
Great app bt sometimes it s hard for me to update it ,
Thks those Creator who create this apps .
its problem is about not not_being not_allowed ur last online status ,
thinking\twhy i can t update whatssap .
Superb\tI just love it ,
Coz I just download it .
but can you add new fiture ?
i`ll give u 5stars , i need to send documents and i hope whatsapp improve its fiture .
Awesome\tGood app I would like to give you 5 star by giving us this kind of facilities u must also provide us by certain wallpaper .
wondering if the group people can add up to 100 people .
they need to fix the problem about only been able to get pix from the phone and not not_from the not_cloud ,
Can not\tCan t update ,
I use this to keep in touch with everyone over seas and I just love this app ,
I would say u are missing something if u don t have this app installed on your phone ! !
Please fix it .
Definitely recommend to use for those who haven t tried it yet .
But it uses down her battery she charges her phone EVERY night please fix ! ! ! ! !
Hello\tGooo but need more icons ,
Yes I do\tPlease use the ,
this is nonsense.please help me sort out this problem because I cant even open whatsapp now before they ask me to reverify but after I enter my number then it says my number cant be used twice ,
Just like BlackBerry messenger actually .
So instant and quick\tLove it ... its so instant whr loved and loved one are always available ,
Top class\tCan t fault any app that will let me send free photos .
Needs calling\tI think that you should add calling to whatsapp if you want to keep up with the times .
So I think you should consider .
I can not not_create a not_Whatsapp group , WHY ? !
Very bad ui\tPlease update the thw whole experience to the new ui like ios .
Galaxy y\tIts going slowww plz fix it the network was not not_working not_properly in whatsapp messenger fix it otherwise ill give it 5 stars ,
Brilliant idea for creating such n app but should have been given free license to me !
I wish if it supports sd cards ,
Need update\tIts been a long time that it doesn t provide any update to either sticker or themes or adds any extra new feature .
Bugs\tThis app is just wonderful but I m sure there is some bugs , because when I play a voice note it won t play it just freezes until it comes back .
It still have some bugs , when I keep my notification light on , and receive any message some times the light does not not_turn on or not_sometimes it keeps blinking even I read all of my messages .
I wanted to add a video , I was not not_able to not_send a video , but no not_whenever not_I want to add a picture now , the window is stuck at the video section , I can t make it to go back on the picture gallery .
Please fix some of these bugs .
Giving low space available .
Great , but bad video sender\tCan someone tell me why The videos sent are fuzzy and unwatchable ?
Just when I mute a group chat .
Nice\tNice app but the problem is we can not not_move not_thz app to sd card please please give a option to move in sd card in up coming update .
Move to sd card\tPlease move whatsapp to micro sd card it eats up a lot internal memory and low end devices like ace struggle for internal storage .
good one\tneed more stickers ,
So if u can add it .
When the video option is selected from the attach button , it directly open the camera recorder ... ... ..please fix this bug .
I wish we could have a update so that v can like the display pictures of our friends ,
WA\tIt has been while now and we can still not not_use the not_same profile on more than one device .
the app crashes and shuts down .
Please fix it .
Please fix it\tIts installed on my phone but I m never not_able to not_open this app or use it .
I think\tU must use Hike .
please fix that bug .
It should use nick name for all .
Ubiquitous needs a new feature\tWhatsApp is pretty much indispensable now , but you guys really need to add a feature that allows group chats and individual conversations to be muted independently .
Now I updated the app and I still can t do it .
Can somebody explain me why ?
Good\tNeed an last seen on/off button in setting ,
Login problem\tEverytime sms verfication failed and call verification after 24 hour .
Awesome\tNeed some emojis .
why it keeps stop unexpectedly ? ! ! ?
please fix this..i like this app but not not_like not_this kind of problems .
I am unable to chat with them .
Please solve this problem .
I dont understand why they make it compulsory to update the ao when they launnch new versions ?
love it\tplease set online or offiline options I love whatsapp I want to use it please set it if u solve my problem I will give 5 star ,
I just want to give a suggestion , I think it would be great if u add some new featuers .
Koool\tAmazing but needs few changes to keep it up to date ,
So plz fix the problem so that I can use the app without not_any not_problem .
I took 3 stars , 1coz I dont wan na give my # to talk with people on whatsapp , what about if I don t want to talk with this person anymore , even if I block them , they can text me or call me coz I already gave my # , I wish it could have an id # or username .
The 3 star I took it coz I don t think everybody needs to know when was the last time I was looking the messages ,
Good app\tPlease provide an option to change the theme or already provide few themes including blue .
i need yr help ,
Not Working Well with HTC One V\tI have HTC ONE V , Android 4.0 ICS , Every Alternate day I need to uninstalled and reinstall .
last Week it was not not_Working by not_this too , I formated the phone , Still it was just Flashes and goes away , it is frustrating .
Concern\tPlease fix this ; unable to save profile pictures as in iOS and Nokia ,
So that , not only not_group not_admin can add people , sub admin can also help in adding people to the group if they have the contact the group admin doesn t have .
Great app I really like it\tPlease download it its the best messaging app ever best app I have ever download my suggestion is that u should download will enjoy it ,
Working like using an APP of bugs ... on HTC explorer..please fix it ,
: D\ti just luv this app ,
HTC explorer\tIt s crashing frequently not not_able to not_open what sapp if kept unseen for a long time plz help ,
App\trequires a serious UI change .
Good\tIt need upgrades so many times ,
Tablets / Multi Device Sync\tNeeds to support multiple devices on the same account so that we can install onto wifi only tablets and sync up conversations .
More than five stars\tThis messenger is very nice application but something is missing .
In sending options should be mark and mark all because we are not not_able to not_send images or videos to many contacts in once .
So please do something to solve this problem .
Updating whatsApp messenger is very bad this days you need to improve on it , mine has expired over a month and I have been trying to update but to no ,
U should have a a option to save the profile picture or add as a contact picture u can add and it will be perfect ,
Option to disable last seen like iOS\tPlease give us the option to disable last seen at feature just like iOS & Instead of showing last msg sent in home screen please show friend s status .
L\tI can t still use it .
This so so good app please download and use it ,
It saves alot of the texting money , and provides audio services .
The video data exchange limit should be increased .
Privacy And Features that is whatsapp\tI love this app cause I don t need to use adblock plus or host file while I m using it ,
Need Whatsupp application for sony xperia z tablet\thi team , watsup is not not_working for not_xperia z tablet , can you people find a solution for that .
My favorite\tWe need a Web site to go bck n retrieve deleted text .
Need more themes ! !
Kinda getting bored seeing the same look an colour every single day , provide cool themes .
Add VOIP and video calling support\tPlease add facility to video and voice calling in what s app .
Karbonn A21\tPlease provide online/offline button ,
Thought it s free\tCan you not not_make it a not_paid app ?
Great\tExcept that it needs to be more secure .
Awesome app\tThis app really made world so close to me ... all a friends n family is just a click away .
Just love it .
No Galaxy Gear support\tPlease create an app for Galaxy Gear .
Constant crashing\tThis app constantly crashes and freezes .
I need this app to work !
Samsung\tUpdate the aap Its amazing aap for social network .
I would like to see an app that beats this app ... and if there is one please inform me so that I too can have it ,
Awsome\tJust love it ,
Improvement rqd\tI.e . one of the famous messenger in the world , but some options need to be rectified..like sticker , wallpaper , for online contacts other group , favorite contacts group , profile photo saving feature , video chat etc ... otherwise that s wonderful .
Every mobile user should have this .
The app is a bomb ; ) \tAmazing app BUT it would be lot better if you could get that `` last seen at '' thing removed : ) .
I can t thought about to start my day without not_using not_wtsapp ,
Make a call like viber vonage line ,
Not working\tI can t access my what sapp .
It needs status and profile change notifications .
Please bring it up .
Ok\tCan you all tell me the vififacasion code ?
Bugged\tCrashed when I tried to forward a message .
But in my mobile , after downloading the app , it works six months after that again it shows date failure and it will not not_work .
what is error 502 ?
Photo not not_rotating\tPlease not_give photo rotate option ,
Keeps crashing\tEven though I use an updated version , it keeps crashing once every week .
Very good\tI need a facility , i.e . a message forward to multiple people without not_group ,
Move to sd card option\tI can t move to sd card .
Bad app can t even move to sd card .
Plz provide some security towards .
Problem is ... I loved this AAP Bt now I m upset with it ,
Updated flag stickers are not not_working ,
Please fix it : / ,
Update needed\tPlz update it with modify to sd card .
PLEASE bring options of redownloading\tPlease bring individual backup conversation option .
Plz help for this\tBoth sim should get acessed from single phone ... lyk fb messenger make us that who has seen the message in group ,
Please fix it .
Please fix this issue .
Excellent\tBut need efforts in loading ,
Good.app but UI needs a serious update\tShouldn t you put in a few themes .
Whatsapp holo is gaining popularity just because it has a customizable UI ,
Fast messaging app nd supported in almst all os .keep it up ! !
Fix New flags issue\tThe New country flags added are not not_displayed not_when used .
Good\tUpdating version creates problem ,
the simplest messenger available ,
Bakwas application\tAlways not not_responding not_problem occurs can t shows messages .
Dash it out\tWhat s apps mess up can t even get to download da New version every other day them want you to but it s not not_working for ,
I just love watsapp ,
Text your friends free\tJust download it !
Best way to be in touch .
Android phones are super\tIt s amazing , i can use bbm .
Sd\tShould be moved to sd card .
They just need the status update news section .
Nearly perfect\tIt should have stickers .
HTC Desire c\tIntermittent working I m using HTC Desire c with Android 0.4 but after every 2 3 days I have to uninstall and reinstall on my Mobile as everytime it will create an issue and application not not_starting at not_all so check this .
Only one issue\tI would like to be able to delete a contact instead of just blocking them .
I just wished it could simply stay free and it needs to be updated with some new features ,
Developers need to fix this issue .
If you want to know more about me join my community !
Excellent\tIts being used at big scale , ,time pass here is wonder ful ,
Hate the update\tThe new update made it like the old start of pinterest .
No notifications\tWhile I have not not_had a not_problem with the app itself so far ( as far as updates , etc ) , I have realized that I no longer not_receive not_notifications when my pins are repinned , someone comments on my pins , etc .
I have no not_problems at not_all .
Please fix this problem .
You can do everything with the app that you can do on the site .
I highly recommend this app !
I can t upload pin !
I m running up to date 4.4.2 so I know it s not an not_os not_issue .
I wish they would make a feature that would allow you to pin multiple pins at once .
Pinterest addict , SHERRY\tI can t stop , it s as simple as that !
Please bring back the related categories .
Please fix the problem with the search feature : for some reason `` 20 % '' is always added on to typed in searches which brings unrelated results .
Also , please fix the sizing issue or whatever it is : when you click on a pin to see it , it always scrolls to the blank line for your comment instead of the top of the picture .
The New Updates\tWill not not_search not_correctly , keeps on adding number 20 ,
Mediocre at best\tMy pins constantly fail when trying to pin from other websites ... boo ! ! !
Samsung Galaxy S2 Plus\tPlease fix the search function .
Please do it asap .
One thing needed\tYou should be able to have sub boards For example .
Then on the board food you could have a sub board for dessert .
You can make boards that you can come back to you again and again .
everything one here is fabulous ,
Runs smoothly and gives you everything you expect from Pinterest .
Please fix\tSearch isnt working anymore since the new update !
Pintopia\tGreat app where you can find how to ... just about anything get the latest updates on fashion great recipes and craft ideas the whole family will want to join in on all the fun .
Pinterest Rocks\tI wish I could figure out how to edit the cover of my board using the app .
I also wish I could have boards within my boards .
There s so much content available on Pinterest .
If I need inspiration , all I have to do is type in a few key words and something awesome always pops up .
Simple , effective sharing\tNice organised way to present posts , but can possibly offer more in future .
Don t pay attention to other people complaining about aspects of this program not not_working .
Password problems\tI updated my pinterest app on my phone it worked great before that now its asking for me to reset my password .
Please Change it back !
Love it\tThe only problem I have is how to put it down .
Soooooo sloooooooow\tThe app is unbearably slow when adding a pin .
Just updated it .
A little difficult to navigate but awesome app\tI ve never not_used not_pinterest so it took me a while to figure out things like how to add a pic , but once I figured everything out I was hooked !
Can t view someone elses board\tSince I last updated it , it won t let me view others peoples boards when I scroll to the left ... please fix ,
Please fix this !
Great app to post ideas , tips , styles ,
Tablet version is shockingly bad\tIt s almost impossible to figure out how to pin anything from the tablet version .
My only issue\tIs that it s addictive ,
New update needs work !
Search is not not_working .
Please please fix this ! ! !
My go to for everything\tI go to Pinterest for anything I need ideas for , it s my new google .
Love it\tThis app is amazing it gives you ideas I love this app and I have no not_problems with not_this app !
The new update does not not_work\tWhen not_I search it adds 20 to all my searches I searched ken patterns and it searches ken 20patterns ,
From where I just pinned them .
If you can tell I ve already pinned it , why can t you tell it shouldn t be repeated in my stream ?
How to turn this spam off ?
Maybe just make some adjustments .
: ( \tNeed a better update it is not not_working not_properly now ,
Good app\tCould use a few improvements .
Love it except new features\tI really hate that every time I pin something it suggests a person to send that pin to because they are into the same stuff .
Cool\tGood place to go if you need an idea for almost anything ,
I have tried to get rid of the twenty but happens every time .
Please fix the update soon .
There are tutorials on how to do practically anything ; many have included hyperlinks .
It s not not_working\tThe not_new update causes the app to close and doesn t search what im looking for .
I recently updated this , and when you scroll down the pins don t load , nor do they when you click on them .
: ) if theres something I want I just gon look on Pinterst .
Please fix , otherwise the app is useless if I can t search for anything .
Love it\tI find exactly what I need to try new things .
Everything else works fine , but please fix !
Please fix update\tNo longer can search for people or items .
Please fix update .
Easy to use , room for improvement\tIt would be nice to be able to pin photos from your smart phone by pressing a photo and having `` pin it '' be an option in the resulting menu .
Searches isn t working good\tMy searches keep on adding the number 20 infront of the second search word ,
Pinterest\tOnce you start you can t stop ,
My only issue is how slow it seems to run when I try to enter the websites .
I am not not_able to not_properly search for anything .
Update fail\tThis app worked fine until the latest update and now all I get is an `` authorization failure '' error every time I launch the app .
Great app\tLove the new updates but it still crashes from time to time ,
New update\tJust doesn t work .
Love pinterest\tI really wish I could get paid to be on pinterest ... a girl can dream .
There is a BIG bug !
There is a BIG bug !
Multiple Sign In s\tI have a personal Pinterest and one I use for my business , it would be nice to be able to easily go back and forth between accounts ,
Limited Private Board\tSometimes i need to pin more private link .
I could have used the bookmark in internet browser .
why is the quality of the pictures so blah ?
Feeds into my procrastination\tLove this app , I still have a droid bionic and out of any apps I use , I never have not_any not_bug or any other problems besides using Pinterest way too much ; ) ,
Pinterest has helped me create so many new things , it has helped me share my own creations with the rest of the world !
It has given me new ideas on how to make stuff .
It really is a great app and I suggest everyone to download it !
And please follow me , I update phone wallpapers , craft ideas , etc made by myself almost every week .
Recipes , crafts , ideas\tIf you have not not_tryed not_pintrest you might be suprised how much you will find with one search .
I ve only had one problem with it which is it keeps prompting me to reset my password and won t allow me to pin or like anything so I m updating to see if this solves the prob !
DROID X\tHaving a hard time adding people to my boards .
I just love pinterest .
The ideas on here are endless .
It always fails .
Turns white then black and crashes .
And now I can t search !
Would be *****\tCrashes or id rate 5* ,
Update\tIt definitely needs a new update .
It just comes up the # 20 in between letters .
You guys just mess with things too much that already wk .
Please fix it .
You have to be too specific .
Please make sub boards .
Please clean up Pinterest .
You used to be able to see how many people followed each of your boards , now you can t. I really miss that feature .
I don t know if `` being able to be found '' comes with time or status or something , but I would like to know .
not a not_good not_update\tNew update is no longer not_keeping the not_people I choose to follow or those who follow me added to my list .
Samsung s2\tConvenient and user friendly , never not_crashes ,
Permissions\tWhy does Pinterest need to read my contacts ?
What happened to the like button ?
Love it , but still can t pin on my phone .
Great way to stay organized and share ideas .
My go to website anytime I need to be creative or if I m just bored !
Has only crashed once in months of use .
Love it\tIve never not_had not_any problems .
Please , please fix .
No fun if you can t search what you want .
Love\tSo glad they finally have it for android Update : love the app but they need to have a place to logout .
There was suspicious activity on my account and I had to reset my password but I couldn t figure out how to logout and log back in .
Eventually just deleted it and reinstalled .
Please fix , i ve been a Pinner for two years now and would rather use the app than the browser version on my tablet .
Which there was a way to multi check pins When editing ( deleting or moving to another board ) rather than having to do it one at a time .
Why does it always ask me to resend link ?
Why wouldn t you use it ?
Previous version was 5 star , would be very cool to have it back .
Search results are off and adding weird numbers out of nowhere ! !
Not had any problems ( s4 ) and am pinning way too much .
Update fail\tI would have given it 5 stars until the latest update .
App works wonderfully\tI just got the latest update and it is fantastic .
Still missing some features\tThree stars because pinning new things is difficult or slow , editor ing pins functionality is incomplete and I expect the option to go directly to my browser app , so I can choose where I open the link contained in the pin .
I want to know what functionality is being added , improved or fixed in the app , not the not_platform .
Love me some pinterest\tIf you are bored or just need some good ideas for literally anything .
Sometimes can t pin anything because login authorization failed .
Awesome\tLove the app , but how can I add my own pins from my phone ?
Can t delete a pin once added .
Available anywhere when you need it most : phone , computers , tablets .
I almost never have not_issues with not_pinterest ,
Good\tWould be even better if you could pin more than one thing at a time ,
I use it all the time for party ideas and examples to show my nail lady how to do my nails .
handy for when i need new outfit ideas .
New update\tIt sucks , I can t search anything !
Please fix this !
Great , but needs one more feature .
Just add the new already added alert and it s be perfectly better than the site !
Please fix ASAP , Pinterest People !
Says authorization failed but won t let me access log in screen .
Alright what s up\tJust got the latest update and the search doesn t work worth a crap I mean it worked just fine until I updated the app unless you guys get this fixed its going to be a whole bunch of worthlessness very dissatisfied !
Come on guys you should be able to fix this .
But all of a sudden is crashing about 10 seconds into the app ... unusable .
what happened ?
What Happened ?
The places feature needs a little work .
Everything is here !
Addictive\tAnything & everything you want to know can be found here .
Everyone needs Pinterest .
Samsung GALAXY S4\tNice app but need to be upgraded with new UI and more features for android do it soon plzzz ,
Terrible update\tUpdate stuffed up my pintrest ... keeps adding 20 in my search results and giving me random pins completly unrelated to wat i have searched ... very fustrating ,
Na\tDesign needs a more straight forward menu to navigate features ,
Getting stuck\tI have the same problem as Mr. N Bowman .
: ) you find here everything you need , simply perfect !
It works fast and I never not_had not_any problems on my galaxy s3\tCool app ,
I love pinterest a million but why can t we edit the board folder pictures through the app when you can through a PC , why can we not not_rearrange the not_boards on the app and how come if you want to move a pic from one board to another , you can t move them to a secret board ?
Love It\tThere are so many great ideas on this site and the app just makes the experience that much better .
It s better , faster and easier to open , I use everyday , many times , to pin , search or just spend some time when I need some me time .
Some moments should only be smiled upon and kept inside !
Addictive\tI love this app , can spend hours just finding ideas and projects .
Please fix pinterest !
Please correct issues asap !
I can t find a lot of pins I am looking for when I try to go back to them .
Never had this problem in the past .
Awesome\tU need this app it is amazing : ) ,
Great\tIf you need a hobby , want to see beautiful pictures from around the word , or the latest work out trends pintrest has it all .
love this app\tLove having Pintrest on my phone , it s so easy and great to have access to when I get bored ... only 4 stars because I d like to have the notifications back .
Very rarely have a not_problem not_if at all .
I don t know how I did anything without it not_this not_is the ultimate app it can help you find anything it may not not_be not_videos like YouTube but when you think you want to do something to look at this and it will show you how to do it or find it or just about anything the best app by far love it ,
buy items we post ... mostly fashion ... .and you need much more description of items ... just woman s fashion just is not not_cool not_... you need areas of fashion .
Novice user but would love to be able to reposition pins on my boards ... apologies if this is possible and i just haven t found it yet .
I just pick them and post them .
Then I tried to get sent the email but I don t receive it .
I wish there was a way to delete pins that are spam if someone adds it to ur board that u added on to pin .
Please add some way to block pins from people I don t follow !
Why the update when nothing new added ?
How do I update my mobile password ... not not_create a not_new one ?
How do I update my mobile password ... not not_create a not_new one !
Old : I love Pinterest and I recently created several group boards only to find that when someone pins to a group board it doesn t check if the pin already exists like it does when I pin to my own board .
It would also be nice to be able to show duplicates on a board .
Please Fix\tMy app is telling me that I need to Log out every time I log in !
Works great , ever had any issues !
I just love it .
But It s comical so it s not a not_problem not_& usually it corrects itself lol .
App crashes occasionally but it s great for the most part !
Unauthorized\tI installed the update and now I can t even open the app anymore .
Love it\tGreat app , I would recommend it to anyone who need idea for any and everything .
I have gotten so many ideas for home decor , diy , crafts and the recipes I have tried are great !
Please , please , please , for the love of babies , please make it to where I can create sub boards !
Beautiful beautiful app\tIn this app I found everything I need & more thanks aloooot ,
When I need the time of drama I come to Pinterest .
Great one\tWould be nice if we could rearrange board and move pins across boards .
Doesn t work anymore\tLately my pins always fail to upload .
I definitely recommend it for everyone .
You have to open the link associated with a pin in the pinterest in app browser before you can open it in the browser of your choice .
We need the option to open a pin link directly into a browser .
We also need the ability to designate where downloaded pins should be saved .
I rate it 4 stars due to the fact that I can t move images to other categories please update that choice and allow , then I will change to 5 stars .
I love this app but I think it would be better if you could create boards under boards .
Like you could have a board for food and other boards under it for desserts and main dishes .
Great\tI love it there s so many great ideas .
Pintrest the fun place to pin\tI am truly addicted to pintrest and everything you can get the know how s of the ideas and learn more than you thought you could do and why didn t I think of that with some crazy but fun ideas .
& lt ; 3 I d highly recommend this app !
Great app\tI haven t had a single problem with the app .
This app is great for relationships and Friends if someone wants to know your likes and dislikes this is where to find it\tLove love love ,
It s my moment of Zen whenever I need it .
Love it mostly\tGreat on my phone but crashes often on my android tablet .
Every time it crashes on my tablet I send the report and include really weird messages for something to do .
you want people to use your product / site , right ?
Also , make it so we can search for duplicates so we can eliminate unintentional duplicates from before you added the reminder prompt .
I just love it ,
Could use a lil better explanation of how to do things & a lil better navigation of features maybe , took me a while & asking others to figure stuff out !
The other is I made juice with recipe right in front of me on my phone .
Just wish I could add pins on mobile site .
I love this app\tIt has helped me so many times when I need inspiration for so many things !
Functionality issues\tI love the ui , responsive and quick , but ... if I can t not not_repin , not_delete boards or create them , what is the purpose of this app ?
Spam\tIn the last 24 hours I ve been spammed twice security definitely needs to be upgraded ,
Please fix this .
Boot at Start up\tWhy does it need to boot when you turn on the phone ?
I recommend it to anyone and everyone .
And if i try to submit a help request it says website down .
Brilliant app\tyou can find really good things on it ,
Love pinterest , have no not_problems with not_this app .
Mostly great\tCan t unfollow boards .
Also wish the size of pins could be increased on my feed .
Love the program BUT since you added the share this pin option I have been receiving spam that my friends did not not_send .
How about a fix ? ?
I don t have games on my cellphone , I have Pintrest\tThe latest update has made Pinterest EVEN PRITTIER , I thought it was impossible .
Enjoyable\tI don t know If anyone else is having this problem but Pinterest is giving me a lot of trouble and is VERY slow .
I really enjoy this app please fix Tnx ,
Can t put phone down to sleep ! ! ! !
Goodjob\tI just really in love with this apps .
It s a great way to get to know someone s deep interests , and an adventurous exploration in seeing what I can t see , due to not not_being not_able to afford to travel in the big world .
Love it ( : \tAlways on it had to delete because i had no not_memory not_but now i have it again ( : ,
I don t get it\tHow in the world do you use this app ?
You can create many different board that suits for taste and people follow you and you follow them .
I can share my projects and ideas as well as create new ones with the help of other pins !
However , it should have the option of making sub boards so users can classify things specifically under their respectable categories .
I never have not_problems with it .
then i get a thing that says to log out and click on `` forgot my password '' , did this and app says it sent instructions on how to fix problem in my email !
LEARN AND RELAXING\tPintrist is very helpful and I have learned about so many things and I enjoy it more than any app including FB its relaxing and you learn so much positive things and thats what we need in our lives so ill just keep pin , pin , and pinning !
There are a lot of pins I would love to reference but have either forgotten the name in the caption or forgotten that it was pinned !
Anytime I need inspiration I can always count on Pinterest !
Also I don t get why the plus version doesn t have a shopping list to add to ?
Highly recommend people to join .
Using the app , you must expand a Pin to use these options too slow .
Since day one and I keep adding more and getting more random followers !
Invitations to group boards I keep joining Lol I can t stop pinning , love this app !
Now it keeps telling me that I ve had suspicious activity on my account and need to come up with a new password .
l\ti just love pinterest very useful and entertaining ! !
Need more features like the site\tCan t scroll down on a pin and see similar ones anymore ! !
What happened ?
I can see so many different things , how to make them and cute nail ideas down load it .
It s great having everything right there where you can see it all and organize it the way you want to .
Authorization failed\tThe app is having some trouble with my login on both my phone and tablet .
just bought a house I use this app for everything !
this is a totally awesome app my life completely revolves around it I love to stay up at night clicking all these awesome pictures and learn how to make shelves and decorate my room with cookie sheets its awesome I love it so much oh my gosh totally download this app it s the best life changing oMG its like so much better than Justin Bieber and One Direction put together it s like did you put together plus Miley Cyrus and Selena Gomez its awesome sauce ,
As a blogger I need to be able to get these links via my cell phone .
Only way to fix stated problem is to uninstall & reinstall over & over & over again !
Love it\tI recommend this app to anyone who doesn t have it yet it s an awesome app you will get addicted quick .
Excellent app\tDoes everything you need it to , smoothly and efficiently .
now that I have moved to a new state I can t pin stuff cause it says its in `` safe mode '' that I need to log out and get a new password..well I did that and waited for an email the right email came up to accept but never not_got an not_email .
Works most of the time\tHave trouble if I need to link a pin from , say , a raffle copter , which is annoying if you don t want to switch to a computer , and sometimes hard to find someone you are following .
great for gathering and organizing ideas on the go for work and fun , but wish there was a better way to pin from a website ,
Love it\tGood ideas and you can find whatever u need for any occasion ,
Great but needs work .
Please fix this problem ! ! ! !
It just keeps getting better and better I just loved all the postings and all that share .
: ) \tI d love to be able to make boards private that I made before the secret board function was available .
I am planning a wedding for my sister and we are you can say rednecks lol and it gave me a lot of country cutie wedding ideas !
Searches and hangs all the time\tVery often , the searches just show the pin working on it without not_any not_results for 10 15 min .
I just wish there was a way to delete or move a pin If we make a mistake .
Love it\tThe only thing I wish you could do is search for things you ve pinned within your own pins/boards ,
Anything i need to find ... out just if i need a laugh ... its all here ! ! !
Great\tIt needs an offline feature to view your own pins without not_internet not_connection .
No descriptions\tSome of the pins don t always have the full recipe or instructions on how to prepare or creature such pin .
Feeds the Fire\tI like using my Pinterest app when I need some inspiration on the go , but I wish it had the edit capabilities like the regular online version , and also wish I got my notifications better to see who is re pinning my pins .
Maybe I m just not not_using it not_right ?
Saving\tIt s okay but how do I save the pictures to my gallery ?
When I m on the bus I have a lot of fun pla ing with this app\tI can t live with out it ,
Great application , but I can t log in with twitter on my nook HD + .
Haven t had a problem with this app and it s loaded with great ideas !
The annoying things are I can t reorder boards or change the covers of them ... if I could I would give 5 stars ,
Nothing but the best appl\tI real love it , may be you should also add video pictures so that we will get the full enjoyment ,
The only thing for me is that I can save my boards onto my phone so I don t need to use WiFi to look at it .
Perfect\tNever freezes and never not_fails my not_needs !
# addicting Only thing I wish creator would change : stream wouldn t update itself .
Also need a more linear board outline option for timeline boards .
Love it\tAnything you could imagine you ll find it on here .
Awesome\tI love this app and all of cool information and pictures that you can pin .
Was fine before last update and now just stuck loading .
Everything I need , didn t know or just need a laugh , I find here !
Helped me a lot planning a tea party .
My only complaint is that it can run a bit slowly sometimes , but that could just be my phone being a derp .
It would be nice if it showed the topics you frequently look into on your feed ,
I just love the app\tI m loving pinterest , great app to keep on the go ; ) ,
Just in case you forget something its always there when you go back to your pins !
Buut\tIt would be nice if I could do more then one thing at a time like I like to use youtube and pinterest at the same time .
Or youtube and tumblr etc I have to use pinterest on the Internet if I want to use youtube aswell .
I just love it ! !
No help in app\tNot obvious how to find friends who are already on pinterest .
I just need one thing\tI wish there would be the option to set a pin as the board cover while pinning it , or in the edit part .
The only issue I have is when resetting my password , you have to uninstall and reinstall the app as it doesn and it recognise the change ,
There are many things you can find ... food animals how to save fashion ideas ,
Amazing\tLove it can t live without it ! ! ! !
Once you start you can t stop .
Update is unusable\tI can t pin anything because I keep getting an error message saying I m in `` safe '' mode .
Crashes\tIt freezes and crashes a lot after browsing for a while .
Please support it so I may keep every film clip ! ! !
Love it\tNo need to say more .
Please fix this !
A little crashy\tOne of the reasons I don t use it as much as I would like are the crashes .
Some days it feels like I can barely look at 5 pins before it crashes .
This just validates my decision to switch from an iphone to an android .
Plus , can you add the function , like Twitter , to switch between accounts ?
I excellent\tHow did we manage before pinterest ?
Love this app\tHaven t had any problems .
I have also had issues refreshing feed at times ... but otherwise great app .
I never have not_issues with it .
I love that you can almost find anything imaginable to eat , drink , or make craft wise is awesome !
Is there such a thing as PA Pinners Anonymous ?
Please get this fixed .
Links not not_working\tLinks to not_pins in other apps messenger are not not_opening in not_this app , the app just shows the pinterest dashboard .
Need a little bit of improvement\tAs much as I adore pin interest , I just wish there was a way you could be more organised with it like if you could create a folder/board to put boards in with the similar subjects .
If you want an app that you can spend all day browsing then this is it .
I enjoy the arts and different creations that you can find here .
Overall love this app ; my only complain is that I can t change my board covers whenever I want like on the site .
Its like having a high gloss magazine that renews itself every few minutes .
Never crashes !
I just love it : ) ,
Where would I be without it not_?
There are so many good ideas .
Saves space as well , no not_need to not_cut out photos from magazines and keep them in files , everything goes onto boards .
As an artist it has so so much inspiration and I can do mood boards on here and plan entire photoshoots .
Now they have a new mapping thing that you have to say if you want to use every pin .
And I have to load it because its the ONLY way I can use it on my phones browser which isn t the mobile site anymore .
Try it for your self as and see what you have been missing .
Some technical issues still need resolving\tOtherwise it s 10/10 ,
Great app but needs one change to make less not_fruatrating\tI not_love the app and it works well on tablet & phone but I HATE that every time I pin something I am asked to send it to someone .
I don t want to , and never not_will , not_so please at least add a setting to be able turn this feature off .
So awesome I love using this its got everything I need\tLOVE PINTREST ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Great , but can t share with Facebook\tLove the app , its great .
However , I can t figure out how to share a pin to Facebook .
Sometimes the photo itself is too small , u can t even know what others posting .
Although some of my visions don t come out as well add I d like , I have learned how to cook , change my storage habits , and most of my nail clients get their designs from here .
I also have created a lot of fun activities for my kids and just had so so much fun trying new things .
Great website have no not_issues with not_this app\tGreat ,
Karma was coming and it finally hit ; ) next paycheck please : ) ,
I have had a few minor issues with it `` freezing '' lately ; trust me when I say minor .
Please dwnld this app , there s no way not_( in my not_opinion ) you could be anything other than exuberant to have it !
I can t stop .
Great app\tMy only real complaint is that on the app people s names do not not_pop not_up when you pin an @ to them .
I love it\tIt really cool I love useing it and see what others post and see who follows me I really like the app I say download ,
I m addicted to it\tI loved pinterest ... it gived me some inspiration how to dresswell and I can pin whatever I want which is cool..but one thing sometimes it suddenly can not not_pinned and it not_s annoyed me .
I hope you can fix this problem..overall , I really2 loved this..really recommended to download ; ) ,
Im obsessed with this app , i go on it everyday..there are so many ideas on a budget & things to keep me busy .
Love being able to have one place to post anything I come across that I want to save for later .
I hadn t had that problem before when I was using the mobile site .
My go to for everything I need to create ,
This app is one of my favorites\tThere is diy ideas and so much more .
HTC one\tThe app itself is good but you should add more cosmetic changes , like when you scroll the pins it should look like Google plus feed ( my opinion ) .
I have learned so , so much just browsing nevermind actual searching .
You already have one option to send it there s no not_need for not_two ,
I have no not_problems not_whatsoever .
The only downside is that there are a lot of pins that lead to websites I can t reach from my android phone .
I can switch to a category and have little problem seeing those pins , so I know pins load correctly .
So why don t they load on the main page ?
You know there are thousands of pins to be seen , so Wtf ?
Why does this app NOW automatically turn on when my phone gets turned on ?
I recommend this app to anybody and everybody as it has something for everyone ! !
I m on it for everything and rarely have not_any not_issues ,
They should integrate a camera option .
You get to pin whatever you want , it basically organizes my life !
Will uninstall\tI can t sign on to the mobile site ,
Unless I m missing something or know no one on it , you not_can not_t impirt contacts ?
Awesome\tCan t live without it ! ! !
Can not not_pin\tI not_am login in with my Facebook but it is not not_letting me not_pin it says I need to log out and I can not not_I not_don t know how please help me ,
It s my go to when I need ideas ! !
The new way to discover is pretty cool , can t wait to see it on the app !
Love the app : ) \tIts very useful i can get new photos all the time because i am managing a Backstreet Boys page here in the Philippines and i need to be more updated everyday specially there new photos .
I have to watch when I go on this as I can not not_get not_off !
My husband and I bought a new house last summer and now I have several ideas on how to start our landscaping this year : ) ,
Better than expected\tHave never not_had a not_single problem .
Never seen it crash .
Pinterest is free but you need money to make all the pretty things..and the app is great ,
There are still some bugs , esp when trying to mention someone s name in a pin or comment from my phone..it always changes the name !
There are so many great ideas ... .it really is a place that you can find anything that interests you or find out what interests you !
It keeps you entertained\tIt is occasionally frustrating , it gets slow sometimes and has other issues , but I like it overall .
There was no way to not_go not_back to find the pins I was looking at originally !
One of the best apps available !
If the app could allow me to select multiple pins and move them all at once , that would be great .
It s so simple and it s great how you can Pin something from a website as well to view later .
Pinterest\tI can find anything I need on here .
I lovectgat I am not only not_finding not_such wonderful arts and crafts ideas , but gardening tips are here as well as , home decorating , and cooking too .
Have had zero issues with it so far .
Scroll to top of page quickly\tNeeds an update to be able to scroll to the top of the page quickly .
Excellent app\tWorks very well and does not not_crash ,
Will give Pinterest 5 stars if these 2 features are made available .
No crashes .
If I forget them I can alwasy go back to my boards .
Simple easy to use\tThis app has made collecting ideas and inspiration for weddings and parties so much easier And I know exactly where to find them .
Inspiration for anyone\tI wasn t too into it at first but then I started creating boards and realized you can save images and videos of ANYTHING .
I started using it as I was planning my wedding and then started finding ideas for absolutely everything .
Apparently there is an unwritten rule that you have to join Pinterest when you are planning a wedding .
It is wonderful to have all of my boards right here on my phone whenever I need to look at a pin !
If it s possible its not not_clear not_how to do so .
Very useful app whether you like to cook , craft , get beauty and fitness tips ... whatever !
What do you need ?
I can t get enuf of the inspiration , the `` tried and true '' tips , recipes , `` how to s '' on everything imaginable : on `` going green '' , organizing , CRAFTS of ALL mediums ! !
I just love it ! ! ! !
Love it\tLove that you can save every thing from across the net in one place ,
Permissions\tWhy does app need to use accounts on device ?
You don t need to use accounts on my device to do that .
I have had no not_problems with it not_whatsoever .
When you can create an app that DOES NOT require full network access , sharing my contacts , prevents my phone from sleeping , modify or delete USB storage contents , funds accounts on my device , runs at startup along with other personal info , I ll endorse it .
You need a mass repin option\tPlease make a way to repin multiple things at once .
As of 3.2.2014\tI love using this app , although it keeps saying the people I am following , have no not_boards or not_pins even though we share boards together : / please fix and my stars will magically raise ( : ,
UPDATE : 2/3/14 Pinterest needs to not not_take not_up 50 MBS on my phone , I will be uninstalling this app soon if not not_changed , even not_if I love it .
Evertime I try , it tells me that the upload failed and to try later .
I haven t had a problem with it once .
Notifications are not not_working ! ! !
Love this app highly recommend it .
I recommend this site for all those crafters out there ! ! ! !
Great app would be nice if it had a way to share with others not not_yet not_`` pinters '' thru text or something .
Do not not_like the not_new update !
I love it\tThis has helped when i needed to know what to do for my love on valentines day .
There is no way to not_add not_parental control .
Just love it .
If you have pinterest on your pc you will love it on your device .
I am so addicted to pintrest , I am constantly pulling up pins to show what I want and how to do things .
The only downfall is not not_being not_able to follow more if you don t have a certain amount of followers yourself .
Haven t had any problems with the app at all .
only problem is soooo easy to spend hours on it : ) love it !
Everyone needs this app , you can find anything on here .
Please , please , PLEASE fix this ASAP ! ! !
For the last couple of days I have not not_been not_able to send pins to anyone .
Nice\tI love this place made some amazing snacks and dinner with this place ,
I Updated this time and no not_problems at not_all , bugs are all fixed SWEET !
I did not have not_this not_problem before , but it keeps crashing : ( I love this app so much but it s frustrating when I m looking at something and then my phone goes back to the home screen all of a sudden .
Haven t ever had any problems with app .
Pinterest is a app that you can post anything and everything you dream and desire .
about this app\ti cant comment yet on the app as iv only just downloaded it ,
I just didn t know ppl could post personal picse\tAbbasolutely Fab ! ! !
Can t send\tNever had an issue with this app until recently .
Never have any problems ,
Best app ever\tIf only i had this when i was planning my wedding and when i was in college thinhs would be so different ,
those guys who aren t pinning especially business owners are missing the boat .
Won t let me send pins\tI just installed the most recent update and it s not not_letting me not_send pins to friends .
Nearly full functioning in the same capacity as the Pinterest\tThe ONLY problem I have had with this app is that I can t delete/edit specific posts on my boards .
I m still learning how to use it but so far so good .
How do I follow people and have them follow me ?
I would have rated this five stars , but , it just started force closing on me .
I am going to have to uninstall this until it is fixed .
I just love this site .
Plus you can also create private boards that only you can see .
I want to know which people are following which board I have up .
Good job guys : ) Update : won t let me create pins .
Keeps saying `` pin failed to upload '' i m lowering my rating to three stars .
I just love pintrest ,
The only thing it s missing is being able to change the cover photos on the boards .
Once you start pinning you can t stop .
Its a great tool for finding recipes , DIY crafts , DIY cleaners , tips to quit smoking , exercise routines and just about anythin you can think of .
If Youre not not_sure not_how to use Pinterest or `` dont get it '' just Google `` best pinterest tips '' and I promise you ll never not_look not_back ,
If you re thinking rather you should or not not_Just not_do it !
I would suggest maybe adding a feature for making sub folders or subcategories within boards .
Works\tUpdate that added the long press to pin and whatnot was good .
I can t think of any parts that bother me .
Sharing ideas via Pinterest is awesome !
I use the Pinterest app ALL the time , and it never not_fails me !
How to use my imagination ?
Love\tI love this app but it would be nice to see how many pins you have overall .
I wish I could use it on my windows mobile device .
The only way to get them back is to unintsall and reinstall the app .
Love this , you can find anything from recipes , crafts , how to do things yourself , fashion , you name it , its probably here .
but you , please , don t stop introducing more updates .
Useless\tCan t pin anything since last update .
For those who get an error message ( ie .
Kassandra with error 24 ) , that isn t a problem with the app .
It never not_fails me .
Only issue is that when I click on a Pin to see it and then go back to the pins in the category , the scrolling has gone back to the top .
Can t even count the things I have made from ideas seen here .
Please make that feature optional .
Haven t had a problem with it .
Never worked\tI have never not_been not_able to get this app to work no not_matter not_how many times I uninstall and reinstall .
Doesn t work on any of my devices just says invalid login but I can get in fine on a laptop .
Great ideas and inspiration for DIY projects , clothing trends , and art only wish more people would provide a fitting description for pins to better utilize the `` search '' feature .
I recommend this app .
Laughs , storage solutions , dinner ideas , party themes , awesome clothes , art and workout info all organized just how want it !
Great ideas and keeps it forever\tI need this daily !
Instructions & ideas are in one place .
Please fix this problem !
It only crashes some times but most of the time it s up and running smoothly .
Just like everyone else , I love this app .
There are so many great ideas from this that I have a hard time deciding what I love the best .
Just wish you guys wouldn t change it around .
Crap now\tI can t log in anymore .
I just updated it today and it won t let me log in with anything .
I love this app just wish it was available for every site i visited .
1st appearances\tAll seems good so far , no not_issues , not_no bugs , all very easy ,
Please fix these problems !
Fully supports my Pinterest addiction !
you can add content .
Anything I need is on pinterest !
Love it\tEasy and I never have not_issues .
I love this app but it really sucks that you can t search your own pins .
My new hobby\tJust perusing pinterest is how I relax these days .
Love this app has everything you need ,
Wish I could use it\tWould give this app five stars if it would work .
Why you so important ? ?
You think you deserve to run as soon as my phone turns on ?
Pinterest\tOh well can you please make pinterest more interesting hehehe ,
It freezes and crashes on my tablet regularly .
Amazing\tI simply just luv this app ! ! !
The only issue I have is being able to change the url link .
Love pinterest\tBut why can i not not_change my not_board cover anymore ?
I really love this app\tBut there are a few things you can do online that you can t do with the app .
It s all great but\tWhy isn t there a comfortable sharing opinion ?
Why is my news feed empty ?
The ideas are endless !
**if you ever get a pop up saying a bot has been detected on your network it is an automatic blocking from pinterest , go to their help center and follow the steps they provide .
They will email you back and let you know things are being fixed , even though my message was a simple mistake it was taken care of .
Need help\tIt won t let me log in its saying I have a bot and need to contact you for help .
Please fix asap !
You can share cool ideas and recipes and even keep a log of stuff that you want to do but need to have time for .
What do I do ?
Adding a star from my last review .
I love this app and I use it on a daily basis but since I updated it yesterday it says it found a bot .
I need my Pinterest ! ! !
I ve uninstalled and reinstalled but the problem is still there ?
That being said , I m kinda disappointed that the new version of the app requires a permission to run at startup .
I save and post recipes , then just open the app to follow them .
I haven t yet figured out how to pin on my phone .
It has taken me from `` that looks cool '' to `` LOOK WHAT I MADE ! ''
Love all the ideas and the thought to keep it now and read later ..just what i need to get all my life be set up ... .pin .
I enjoy using it on my phone so that I could use the press and hold pin feature .
The only issue that I have is all the frequent app updates , like several times a week .
How can i fix this ?
You can fine recipes and just any any thing you need cleaned .
Only downfall is that some pins refers to non existing websites so every pin needs to be checked .
Don t even want to use since latest update\tFreezing & shutting down since latest update .
Do not not_like not_all the `` send to '' recommendations either .
Bad quality\tUse to love this app I updated it and now it say I m using a bot and its keeping me blocked till.someone looks at my situation which is taking forever .
I dont know what it means when i need to get to the help center to correct a bot !
This app is so easy to use and has alot of great diy home projects and photography ideas I can t wait to use ,
How about a sub folder in a main folder ?
I have not not_had one not_issue yet .
Havent had and problems ,
I love being able to look into different categories and learn how to do something new .
Ok\tThey accessed me of running a bot and blocked me I wouldn t even know how to run a bot or even what that is fix the problem if you want me to run your programs again ,
Sometimes crashes though .
Freezes with a forceclose : ( \tI noticed through reading the reviews on your ratings that other users are having issues such as myself .
If this is a glitch of sorts , please kindly fix it .
I hope this can be fixed soon because I have so many things I need ideas for .
How do I auto share to Twitter ?
Edited : how do I automatically share the image while pinnng on my board ?
: please fix this issue so that I can get back into enjoying my Pinning .
It s always crashing and takes forever to load pins and it just acts dumb all the time !
( Still ) Buggy\tI used the app in the past , but uninstalled because it crashed so much .
And now it wants to start at boot , so that it will crash without not_any not_action on my part .
I just upgraded Pinterest , and now I can not not_pin a not_thing .
I wish there was a way to give Pinterest a 0 .
Please fix the PROBLEM ! ! !
Never crashes .
I wish I can do it in app or know way how to set up sharing on Twitter and/or Facebook .
I recommend this app & tell people who are looking for a certain pattern , `` I have that exact pattern on Pinterest ! ''
At first I wasn t impressed with the App , but now I can t stop .
Permissions\tWhy does it has to run at startup ?
If it crashes it s usually due to my exuberance for pinning .
I love it and wish some of the app features were available on the website like the pin like send by hovering and the last three boards at the top of the list when pinning .
everything you want to see is here .
Sharing is easy , fun and great ideas for many things !
The icon is missing on my home screen .
Why run at startup ?
but\tWhy does the new update need my location and to `` use my accounts '' ?
Good but not not_obvious to not_navigate\tLove pinterest , totally addicted to the great content and vast variety of stuff to view.really inspiring and fun.my only criticism is it wasn t easy or obvious to figure out how to use it , but getting the hang of it now !
Pretty good\tTook me some searching to figure out how to pin , but now that I have it s very easy .
I recommend this app to everyone .
Ideas for everything\tThis app is great for artistic projects and other creative tasks ,
Please add option to turn of the send to button it s annoying and I would never not_use it .
I love seeing new ideas\tIt s great pinning , but you only get so many pins , but you can like as many things as you want and it lets you know where you can get it or even how to make it ,
Love how simple it is to use , but , sometimes it crashes , but rarely not_ever .
Please fix this .
The app was great but crashes with the new update .
One of my favorite apps and my go to any time I need ideas or inspiration .
You can find anything in the world that you could possibly want to know on Pinterest !
There is a lot that you can learn from here .
Not good\tCrashes my phone after a couple minutes use , every time .
Fix the bugs\tWhy would I exceed limit and cant pin ?
You can find cool creative idea , cute photos and much more\tI really love that you can organize the pins in to boards so you can your photos again ,
The only difference is you don t get to see other boards the pin you just pinned are pinned to .
Still doesn t show boards\t2 up date and still can t use my boards on my phone please fix this bug .
why so many intrusive permissions ?
What did I do before Pinterest ?
The window is small , so you only see the bit that you re modifying .
It s an awesome new feature and would be nice to be able to exploit it in the app which I always use , instead of in my browser ,
Why does it need to be on at startup ?
I suggest this app to all my friends !
Fail to create pin from webpage\tCannot find images from webpage ?
I love this app but am very unhappy that I can not not_use it !
I highly recommend this app ! !
But I would bet that I just haven t found the right button yet .
Error `` 24 '' \tI recently uninstalled the app and then tried reinstalling it , it won t let me and I keep getting error 24 could you please fix ,
Its just like TUMBLR ,
I really love Pintrest my daughter & I are planning her wedding & we ve gotten some really great ideas from some fabulous boards .
Never crashed , never not_stopped not_working .
Good place to get endless ideas and see products that are available that you don t know even exist !
Love the app , but the site itself could use a little tweaking .
I honestly love everything about this : ) \tIm very glad it allows me to basically look up how to do pretty much everything .
I do not not_like not_having a limit on how much I can pin .
Now I can t pin because its telling me I ve `` exceeded my rate limit '' ?
You re kidding , right ?
Love it\tI absolutely just love this app ,
Great app\tWorks just like the online version ,
There are a few more problems , but I like the UI of the app .
I highly recommend this app to someone who is looking for cool ideas , great pictures , and funny stuff .
There are so many great ideas for crafting , cooking , and baking !
good\tpinterest site and app need a drag and drop feature to help manage pins on boards ,
It s is so awesome to have the app on my phone so I can use it whenever I want , wherever I want .
Excellent site\tYou can t go wrong here !
Everything I needed and more ,
What happened\tIt s not not_working not_after last update : / ,
Good but\tToo bad you can not not_add a not_link to a pin from the app , you need to go on browser .
Coolest\tLove the ideas , projects shown how to do & HELPING ME THINK OUT OF MY BOX .
I really recommend Pinterest ,
Also useful so my kids can show me what they want for birthdays and I just go back to the board nearer the time .
interesting and useful but can t block inappropriate content\tfab way of collecting info on things you re interested in , like a diy magazine , only downside is you can t block unsuitable content , i.e swear words , you have to report them as inappropriate only after you ve seen them .
Plus , everything I asked to fix has been fixed , so thanks for listening to us and making your updates worth it !
Better but needs work\tIt has gotten better but it s slow and lags .
pinterest\tI just love pinterest very much ,
However I wish there was a way to filter what you browse .
Is there a way to do this ?
I do kind of wish that within each board you could have sub categories or a way to sort pins without not_having to not_create new boards for everything or edit every single pin .
It would also be cool to be able to rate each of your own pins .
Love it\tHelps me create , love all the ideas ,
Love it\tWho can t benefit from Pinterest !
If need to find a recipe or how to do a DIY project search pinterest .
Love pinterest\tYou can create boards and post pictures to them .
I love it ... wish the pics could be viewed without not_internet not_tho .
If I could give a suggestion , I would love to see pins that are recommended for me based on what I ve already pinned .
Totaly interesting\tIs there a site to go to that tells you how it works ?
Also cant figure out how to link to fb and twitter .
Wonderful way to keep adding inspirations to your life and the people/places/things that make you uniquely you .
Its entreating once ur turned on 2 an item U may have never not_been not_enthused by b4 & b4 U know it ur trying 2 find da most beautiful or unique items .
I have had no not_major not_problems ( it s a tad slow but thats probably my phone ) and the interface is intuitive and good looking .
Problem free\tNever have a problem getting this app to work and loads quickly ,
You have to hold the tablet s back button down for a couple seconds .
Pretty easy to use\tGood customer service but some features that should be in there by default seem to be missing .
Please add delete button in pining sub menu too because it s too time n data consuming as you have to open the pin n then edit n then delete .
Never seems to fail me ,
I just love pinterest !
Everyone should use this app !
Never fails me .
Just my opinion\tLove it !
It s good\tI wish you could expand a pin , then just flip to these next one instead of seeing that s pins or have to go back to the pin board .
Only thing I wish it had was suggesting a board to pin too or guessing what board you were typing .
Awesome Application\tWonderful place to share products , art , makeup , home furnishings , helpful tips , how to do , and recipes galore !
No crashes .
Great app\tYou should be able to combine boards !
See above .
I even create church flyers with it .
I love the edits but lately picsart will not not_let me not_upload or share my picture ..please fix ! !
Help please\tIt is not not_working in my not_xperia m ,
Nico\tNeed some other faciltes ,
Please fix the bugs and make it more user friendly .
aishhh\tWhy does I can t sign in by using my twitter account !
Awesome\tI just likE this app .
Awesome\tJust Love It And When I Ask People `` What App Did You Use They Always Say Picsart ,
I recommend it to everyone ,
So now I can t edit photos for people .
Great app\tCool but need 1 morething if it will provide to create my own stamp for making on pic then i will give it 5 star .
It will be the best choice u ever made : ) Another thing : it would be great if they could add more flags for the clip art .
Great app something is missing\tLove the app add more effects for a better rating ,
Buggy\tCrashes ,
The effects are cool and amazing but I think they should work on making it faster ,
I just bought the girlie package with frames , backgrounds and clip arts but the frames didn t download .
Just need to download all features for first use ,
Effects\tWhy the option SOFTEN is removed in updated picsart pls put it back again ,
Please add tools instead effects .
Cool\tEvery time I wanted to personalize my photos there was no not_app not_like this one but YOU should remove the adds please ,
I think this is a good web site because u can create any picture into your own picture .
So you can create any picture your own picture if you use this app .
Please fix the colour replace effect .
Gd need some more fun tools\tNice ,
It would be the only one I would use .
Sudden crash\tI ve witnessed sudden crash and then i have to reinstall it !
Best photo editor I ve ever downloaded , I really recommend this app to everyone ,
I have no not_problem with it , not_still figuring out all the features .
Awesome\tBest photo app available !
Good\tCan you please add some more frames , which takes a lot of pictures ... .please .
Excellent\tNow I think this was not the not_app not_which I had downloaded ... it creates lots of problems for me ... it has a low downloading problem with full internet network .
One thing i dont like is , many add ons for this apps needs to buy which is i dont like , it must be free .
Everything you re looking for in editing is here .
^ ^ But please add more free fonts please .
Love\tI love this app the only reason why i put 4 stars is because you can add videos ,
I recommend this to anyone !
Wtf\tWhy isnt any clipart working now ever since latest update ?
Keeps saying download failed .
Just wish it wouldn t force close so much .
I highly suggest everyone to try it out !
This is an amazing app for pictures your tryin to create .
Cool\tI just gor it and its cool just need more options ,
but got a little problem with the stickers thou but except that its magnificent ,
Niceee\tI love it , but I jus hate when it needs to be upgraded ..it stop working .
I love that I can add words , frames , do collages , actually edit the picture by cropping or fixing lighting , etc . ,
Best app to fix pictures .
There is a lot of effects to choose and you can use more than one to put on your picture .
You can change the intensity and decide what part of your picture you want the effect to appear .
I don t have a problem with this app .
It really makes you pictures stand out even more ! ! ! !
Awesome\tAny individual can create their best photo ever .
Kick a** photo editor\tI recommended this app to all my friends , so simple and efficient ,
Holy\tOk I really hate giving any ad supported app 5 stars .
Not , bad for a combo app , it will do what ever you asked to do .
Really a nice app to have , It will do what ever you asked it to do .
I recommended it to all ,
Loveloveloveit\tBut please don t make us pay for the cool ones and stuff please make this completely free but have our other apps premium or something ,
Great app\tBut when I update it , its force close ,
but it need a resolution of above 2000:1500 .
needs update , need better tools to fix a picture , when u r fixing a pic the settings button is in the way and cant see the bottom of pic in landscape , more clip art ie more holidays , more in each catagory .
1 11 14 need st.pats day added , thanksgiving 2/16 ,
Best\tIts a fun app and still trying to learn how to edit ,
My only problem is , you could add a paint bucket and when you turn your phone sideways , on the brush section , add an OK button on it .
Love it\tCan t say enough good about this app !
Just love it !
Cool but sometimes annoying\tIts a really cool app but when I put overlays it begins to crash .
it did take me a while to figure it out ( and even longer to find out I could see other pics too ) but now I don t send or post pics without not_using it .
I really really love ur apps\tBut everytime I uploaded pictures from my gallery it suddenly crash : ( im having a hard time uploading my pix from gallery to pics art ... .please make it possible to upload pix easily ill give 5 den .
Every new pack added is paid .
it was perfect until now , it doesn t allow me to do anything , i just click on it and there the forse close comes , please do something , i need this app ,
Its one of the best image editing apps you can get .
Up to date\tThe new fx effect is really cool like VSCO effect but I want more effect like VSCO put in this app cuz I can t use VSCO also install it to my phone .
A good app when you are looking for a lot of different options to edit your pictures .
Excellent App\tExcellent App you dont need anything else .
Tell u a little\tI just love it , but when I use it in my samsung s3 mini.the object in drawing s part wont show , its show after we done set the size , please ur help .
Badass like it alot\tThis app is so cool u need to get if not not_ur a not_fag ,
Just wooooo : p nic aps I just HV no not_word to not_explain ... only owsm .
Well i have no not_idea not_how to describe it ,
I also want more font style please ! !
This is a really good app\tI made pics on Photo Grid then I made some on PicsArt so I put them together and I made some really cool stuff ,
Excellent\tBut need to add some more features .
: ) It would be so much better if the Android app had the drawings/overlays ( ? )
Excellent Excellent Excellent\tJust like Photoshop for your mobile and it just gets better the more you experiment with it .
I love this app\tsometime drawing tools are not not_working not_properly .
I hate it\tIt sucks because it doesn t lets me update it ,
Can t close app\tEverytime I use this app I am unable to close it completely until I turn off my whole phone .
Love this app , so many features to make your photos look just how you want them to .
Awesome\tBut needs a fix off bugs ,
& lt ; THANK YOU FOR FIXING MY PROBLEM , SO FAR GREAT JUST LIKE NORMAL TY TY TY TY : ) : ) : ) .
But Just Make All Cliparts Free .
No other apps needed\tThis app has everything you need to edit photos !
I have suggested it to all my friends !
A Good app\tThis application is so Good u can do anything not not_anything not_sum things I love this app ?
Hate Network Conection requests\tIts one of the best app I got ever used but its not not_really not_full .
Can t live widout picsart ! !
This is the only app I need to play with my pictures..gots everything..to put a collage , photo correction , clone , etc.Loving it .
Wonderful Job who ever made this app !
Mature rating bullshit\tStupid that you can change password for mature photo I forgot mine now I can put sone photo s up .
This is an issue as I like to still keep the original photo !
Honestly I used it only for coloring on S3 but you seriously can create awesome collages and thoughts together .
I HARDLY RECOMMEND to Note 3 users to use it with Scrapbook .
The only thing I suggest is allowing pics to be resized , larger and smaller , to fit in different grids .
A good app\tIt s a good app but needs improvement ,
So much use\tBecause its easy to use and lots of aditing thems and frames and Steckers are available .
i have deleted all other pic editing apps jst cuz of dis : ) its amazing just add some more light flare to it ; ) ,
Awesome\tI just love it ,
G s please add more effects ,
`` Hats off '' to the brains who created it .
I am using it occasionally and it makes what I need to .
Is there a selection tool to edit and work with image parts ?
8 ) It enables you to create GORGEOUS pictures in an instant and is so easy and handy to use ! ! !
Its a good editor but sometimes it do not not_work not_properly .
Takes up a lot of space in my tablet\tPlease fix this .
Whenever I use frame/background it said that I need an internet connection before I can use it .
I love the old picsart I can use it even no not_internet not_connection .
awesome app\tmy frnd had suggested me about this app and im havin a gr8 expiriencs using it .
I lo\tWhen I am trying to update this app it says error after downloading 65 percent and says error ( 495 ) ,
Nice editing\tMany options and styles are available for making good pictures great .
Deleted\tWhen I update it ... .it automatically deleted aftr sometime ,
Tee\tIts pretty good I just think it should have more FREE font packages , stickers & clip arts .
Made lots of good pics with this app had it for about a year or so works great ! !
Thumbs up Small Wish Please don t decompress the photo .
Very satisfied with app\tThis app does all I expected , & den much mote .
Let s me create TUMBLR ish kind of photos .
Why cant i download it on my samsung tab3 ?
Great\tRate 5 of 5 just because I can t rate this app higher !
Locked out\tI had to reinstall the app because I got a replacement phone .
I never not_thought not_I would use the community sharing and whatnot , so I didn t bother to remember my sign ins .
This makes me have to reinstall many times when I want to use it .
Cool\tYou should add things from iPhone version of picsart ,
Excellent app\tRequires a better point to point cropping tool ,
Jus cant find how to remove text from a pic .
Don t need to be a pro .
In the beginning I was confused but their is a back button and always know you never have to not_save not_so no not_harm not_no foul .
Cool : D\tAmazing application : ) but i just want more options in masks .
but i think should have more stickers and effects , etc .
Why does it feel like I m updating this app every few days ?
People who love editing & adding different effects , stop looking anywhere else & download this with your eyes closed .
Great\tPerfect app..but need some improve..i get some problems like while i try to install it , it shows itcan t install on usb storage or sd card : o ,
Love it OMG I just updated it its Heaven ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Best editing app in playstore\tIts easy to use and handle have every thing which an photo editing app needs : ) ,
hy\tits a very cool and interesting editor i just love it : * ,
This is the only photo editing app on my phone , I don t need a bunch of other photo editing apps , this has everything I need all in one app !
Nice but need more hairstyles\tGood overall ,
Awesome\tJust the thing I was looking for ... .really brilliant ,
Excellent app I completely recommend this\tI always have fun using this app , its easy and free and fun to use , you wont regret using it ,
IT SERIOUSLY HAS EVERYTHING THAT YOU NEED IN A PHOTO EDITING APP ! !
please fix this thankss i really like this .thanks ,
Awesome\tAwesome apps but don t install my mobile HTC Wildfire please help me ,
It s kinda confusing , I don t understand some of the features or how they work ?
Amazing work\tWonderful app which provides u all sorts of preferences tht one requires ! !
I recommend it to all snap loving people and who wan na become the great artists .
Why does this app need permission for precise gps location ?
, \tDiz a nyc useful app : D : D recommend others to use also .
I just got a new faster phone and now some of the features glitch when I select them like the add picture function will work till I crop a picture and try to put it then it won t appear please fix so I can enjoy a fully functioning app ,
It is missing something .
Very good clip art but could use rage face clip art ,
Perfect app for editing\tIt s all what I needed ,
PLEASE ADD MORE LENS FLARE , I REALLY LIKE THEM A LOT ,
I really recommend it !
Lovely\tAwesome just perfect & lt ; 3 ,
Never had any issues with it !
Just love the app .
Great\tAmazing app I recommend this app ,
i love it\tthis app lets you create beautiful pictures ,
Just love\tGreat !
It is for everyone who like pics\tIt is the perfect way to make some perfect pictures , it has much feathers , everything you need to edit pics , === ,
VE this app I use it every day I just love this you can do anything and edit everything how you want it to be ! ! ? ?
One of the best app i have ever experienced ... still has some problems .
it takes time to draw if we r using the drawing mode ... not a not_big not_bug ... still lacks perfection ... ..it even has problems in the colour change mode ... need a rectification .
Please fix this\tIdk it uninstalls in my phone automatically .
Improve Fonts Please\tAdding texts in other languages , that colud not not_be not_showing in bold fonts ( could not not_support not_font syle in other languages ) ,
It is excellent and it has everything you need for editing your photos ,
Something Wrong\tEverytime i try to add effect something goes wrong but i actually like the app so please fix it ,
Great\tThis is the best photo editing app that I have , but if you guys could add magic and lasso tool like photoshop and some more masks along with some more gangster cliparts for free : ) .
But please add some more effect .
Because I care about this app : |\tWith great app like this and the ammount of good review and downloader , I think is time for you dev , to change the logo : | ,
Awesome\tPlease bring out DSLR effect , and noise reduction ,
i need an arbic virgin blezzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ,
Best apps\tPlease improve Copy paste options .
Linda D\tI just couldn t begin to imagine , How to describe this app .
I love this app but my opinion\tis to add some more clear tracing image and coloring bottle in draw menu so that i can make comics like a photoshop .
Great\tHow do we do the way stuffs are displayed there ?
It would be very nice if I know then I will rate it 5 stars ,
Please tell me why\tWhy isn t this an ?
Do not not_hesitate to not_download this Machine that gives you extra creative personality .
Has everything you need to edit images !
Excellent\tFlawless app , everything u need to make every pic perfect .
I hope that you can add grid for single picture .
did I miss it ?
This app is realy like a mini photo studio\tThis app is very cool and awesome so you should try this app ,
just exceptional\tsimply the best photo app that is available anywhere .
its perfect if u know how to use it .
Nice\tI can create goood photos yet its effects are awesome ,
Stop changing stuff\tWhy would you take away the smart blur option ! ?
I can t do anything to my photos\tit keeps saying please try again and something about can t save to the SD card , please fix ,
I can use different kinds of doodles , I can draw and since I have to use my finger I can zoom in and draw , I can also use different kinds of photo adjustment things to make it better !
Plus always having things added and improved .
Dope asf\tDope asf made my album cover with this ,
Serious photo edits require a better tool .
Great , keep the collections coming\tI really enjoy the app and use it all the time but with all the scrapbookers out there with little girls I dont know how cheerleaders could be completely overlooked !
Cant update it .
Pics wont fit on instagram box\tHow come when ever i edit my pics here and post it on instagram , the grid wont fit on the instagram .
Is there any way you can help me out with this ?
Best choice to create your life pictures ! !
Does everything I need it to do for pictures I ve taken on my phone .
My only complaint is why does it have to stay running in the background ?
Please fix\tThis app use to work great but now it wont open up to the effects .
Just love it .
Samsung gakaxy 3\tLove this apps , very nice have everything I need in just one app .
Superbb app\tJust loved its features ,
just love it .
I dont know\tIdk what happen its just get freeze on 59 % : ( ,
How about an official app that teaches you how to edit your images , because there s so much that can be done and people hardly not_know the not_basics .
pics art\tits true that here every one become a artist .
Very good but some alteration needed\tDear sir .
I love it but theres no not_hide not_toolbar option please fix it .
Good\tProvide how to use all option provided by u which dont use frequently ,
Awesome\tLove this app I just Can t live without it ,
Resolution adjusting\tPlz tell how can I increase/reduce resolution of any pic using picart ?
Every time I try to load a picture it says `` Please try again . ''
1 tool\tI need a blending tool if you can add that I d give it 5 stars ,
Only problem\tIs that it shuts off after awhile ,
Samsung Galaxe E679\tHow to i share my pic on picart ,
Never fails ,
Good\tVery good but needs more effects ,
Awesome ... \tIts my fav editing app : ) : ) i just love it ,
Awesome\tI think its a really rad app and has a lot of potential if you know how to use it properly .
I am on it so so so much , I love that you can do smany different things .
There is just one thing that worries me , two times it will freeze my phone and it takes twenty minutes to start back up , I don t know , but if someone else who also has had this problem please let me know .
all smart phone should have it .
Never had problems with and frequently has updates with new content .
I recommend this app for everyone ,
I request to make more improvements by adding new features like making pic as magazine cover , poster etc ,
My opinion\tFemale users post naked pictures of there self .
Excellent\tGood job to the one who created this app ,
Pics art\tI love this app it let s you create pretty pretty pictures ,
I actually make money by selling the graphic designs I create with PicsArt .
I would like to suggest regarding borders .
If you re looking for something more powerful Autodesk Sketchbook is what you need .
im super fustrated and there is no way i not_can not_get help with this .
t\tI love the extensive tools this app has from adding effect , retouching with just one tap , adjusting and .
Amazing\tNeed to improve some other contents otherwise it was very cool ,
Wonderful : ) \tI like it so much But I would like to have something in Spanish ,
Does what I need it to do & & a little more when I want to edit a photo really quick .
It seems like everytime I update this app it only makes it worse ... .fix right way .
Nice appp but need to add background\tLove this than PICASA ,
I just luv it .
I like it\tBut I think it would be cool if you could make punk edits ,
Awesome\tAlmost everything I needed .
BAD BUG : \tJust lost all the edits from an invite I was creating with your ap .
Don t need photoshop any more .
This app is so u ser friendly and handy as u don t require to open ur lappy .
Just love it : ) ,
Good but glitches\tIt has a glitch were in the comments it mixes up mine an my friends comments .i beg you to fix this right away .also it never not_tells me not_when i have a New followere or a comment and like and a picture .but it has beautiful edit ! !
DISAPEARS WHEN EVER MY PHONE TURNS OFF\tKEEPS STOPPING ON ME , OTHER WISE IT S MY FAVORITE APP , WHEN IT S AVAILABLE Soo much fun & so many different things you can do with this app .
now doesn t want to install.what a jip to know what I m missing .
Just added it to my Galaxy 4 ( ( : \tI just love picsart ! !
I have no not_problems .
Wish they added more borders and frames\tI love this app but I wish they would change or add more free borders .
Great\tI Just Luv it ,
Ummm\tKeeps freezing on the loading screen ... .this sucks please fix asap before i uninstall please ,
There s a ton of effects , filters , frames , layouts , text and labeling options and just the right parameter controls for each filter and tool that you can just create as much as you can think of .
In addition , when there s an internet connection available , the gallerie s content increases significantly , all at no not_cost !
I Would Tell Anyone To Get It .
It s weird\tUmmmmm do you know what s happening with comments ?
Feedback\tIt needs more frames from iphone thoe like the white edge frames Just saying ,
I have never not_had a not_problem with this app !
Drawings make you see things you thought you could only imagine .
But dont know how to replace face like photoshop .
Please provide me a good answer .
Crashes crashes\tEvery time it crashes ,
And I dont want to un installed it , so please answer back ! !
It s great\tThe perfect app for when i need too effect or collasp mii pics ,
Those who love Pic editing should really use this one .
I wouldn t recommend any other photo editing app ,
Just loving it .
Pixlr Express have the best editing tool BUT when you post it , it kinda looks blurred and they have low quality .
And i may use this app again and again .
Just installed and took a few shots with pleasing results on my Samsung Galaxy S3 4.3 .
Great app , missing stuff\tIt s a great app but you can t manipulate with pictures with ease , needs more options and more simplified usage ,
You have to install this app soon !
I like this Apps cause it has everything what I need\tIts excellent : ) ,
but i couldnt open after i update the app ,
Every time I edit an image it goes black , add text ( more than one ) it either deletes previous text or kicks me out of the text tool completely and even before I launch app it says ERROR requires space on sd card .
Exelnt\tGood app i need it .
Please fix the crashing !
This app is great all my friend recommend it to me after I test it WOW AMAZING ,
I wish I could just have the option !
One for all\tOne amazing app with every editing tool you need just takes a little while to learn .
You can add little clipart images in that you can download for free with no not_complications !
Good\tIs very good but the only problem is that it Unistal Its self and is enoying to be Instaling the app again and again b ,
Amazing\tI m a graphic designer and thanks to this app , I no longer not_need to not_use photoshop or even use my laptop .
Wouldn t been better if I can actually use it .
The Ppl who gives this app 4 stars or less not_its not_Cuz they don t know how to use it ,
What your pics need\tGreat app for your pics ,
It will crash and not not_let me not_edit and go back to the where you can choose what you want to do , sometimes it ll say please try again sometimes it won t. Please help , I love this app !
Great\tIt needs work , but I like it .
BAD UPDATE\tThe update is terrible cause It always unexpectedly crashes while I am editing a photo That s why I gave a 1star ,
Good\tThis is a great idea ,
why is there no not_blur not_option ?
Wonderful\tNo need to use my system to edit pix .
Dis app gives me all I need .
We can use it in many ways\tVery helpful .
Bcz not not_works not_properly\tN hang all time : ( ,
I love it\tThis was my faverate app of adding pictures on mobile ,
I love this app so much I recommended this so to anyone that likes to edit pictures .
Its just a worst photo editer im seen ever\tIts takes more memory , its always suggesting more effect s waste of time .
Awesom\tNice program it made my pics nicier ! ! !
Awrsome\tGreat app just needs more frames , backgrounds and sexy clipart .
but please get new fonts , the current ones suck !
Why does ur permissions have to allow you to be able to use a phones camera at any time ?
Unreal\tJust amazing the way you can edit your photos on your device .
I recommend it to anyone who likes to have fun with editing photos .
Bring back the old text input , this new one is hard to enter on a pic straight , seeing you have to drag your finger where you want it .
It s awesome\tIt could have more .
So easy to use\tI love it i have fun with my pics making collages or just making them look funny ,
It works really well but wish it could add more symbols to my pics ! !
It says unable to write to sd storage but all the permissions are there and 15+ gb are available .
Perfect\tP E R F E C T APP everything you need , whatever filter you like is HER love clipart and doodles here you ll find what u want .
I was gon na give it 4stats but every time I add text it stop unexpectedly which is giving me a problem which also makes me wan na uninstall it\tAverage has problems and needs updating ,
Shifa\tI love dis app but I need more frames ,
Problem with update\tHey guys i cant update the app ... it says you can not not_install it not_either on the USB or the Phone storage ... wat should i do ?
Overall its a good app\tNeed much improvement .
Great\tOnly problem is it wont let me post some pictures other than that its great !
Great\tit must be made better ,
