Awesome update with new can't-view-PDFs feature!
(For most apple app) If i need to upload 500 images...i have to check those 500 images one-by-one!?
(iPad, iPhone 5, iOS 7) 2) When scrolling, if you're not careful, whatever file you're touching while scrolling tends to open accidentally.
) ..  We are now exploring the business application - sky's the limit..
) I LOVED the version prior to this one.
) the Dropbox app shows me out-of-date copies of PDFs in my Dropbox that have been updated.
...it's been very helpful with booking a room, dining, etc, the few times I've used it.
1) It's very crash-prone, even after reinstalling and restarting the device.
15/2 Update What's happened to this app?
2\1\14 Will not let me share recipes with any of my friends.
4 out of 5 because still can't rename files...
4.My pictures just come to you like magic.
5 to 3 Latest update causes page to scroll down on its own everytime opening a pin..ANNOYING!
5.You open my PDFs, Docs etc.
80% It sometimes jam up
:) I love it, a lot less messy and much convenient than a real bulletin board or scrapbook
:) Very user friendly and offers a wide variety of things!
;)....:-/.....:-(( Just great usually....but since latest update unable to send pins.
A bit pricey though - almost twice as expensive as competitions if you want the extra space.
A calender would be nifty as well.
A giant picture filing cabinet!!
A good app It's a good app but needs improvement
A great help to find attractions and hotels in the place I intend to go.
A place to collect all the pieces of information that can clutter your life.
A tip: Please allow me to search ALL my notebooks - helpful to locate an ingredient - rather than searching within each notebook individually.
Abdul Downloading slow
Ability to highlight (re-positionable sticky notes are a dream).
Ability to swipe through notes, like flipping pages in a books.
About 1 in 4 syncs give an error message.
ABSOLUTE BEST This app is awesome I've edited some really cool pictures.
Add features to let me edit office files, share folders instead of just files, and view more types of files (catch up to g drive) and you'll get five stars, and I can stop using google drive.
Add my flag Please add flag of Pakistan and i'll give it a 5 star :-)
Add the moving parts from reds might feathers into a new section in the bad piggies game
Add the tap to load or swipe down to load options!
Addictive I love to pin the things that interest me and watch as other people enjoy my pinning.
Addictive...love it!
Additionally, classifying a note by notebook and adding tags makes it easy to organize among a couple different dimensions for easy retrieval at a later date.
After a few easy levels, I am again practicing my aim.
After I did the update it will not open.
After the last update, it crashes every time I open the manual upload.
After the latest upgrades, there were issues and now it crashes and I cannot access anything.
After this latest update I can't even get into my account on either my iPhone or iPad it says incorrect password!!!
After you beat level 22-2 it freezes and doesn't give you the points for the level
Again, working like the desktop version would be better here.
Agree with recent reviewers - this update completely ruined this excellent app for the iPhone on IOS7
Agree with recent reviewers - this update completely ruined this excellent app for the iPhone on IOS7.
ALL 1,300 photos were deleted.
all in one spot From hair styles, to do-it-yourself ideas, fashion ideas to quotes...
All info available is just what is needed!
All it needs is multiple accounts!
All my files and especially my photos are being synced FAST to my laptop.
All of my reminders, notes and receipts in one place.
All other worlds crash except the first one
All pictures are locked and frozen.
All that aside, I like calling up notes on my phone, ipad, and desktop (almost) whenever I want.
All the notebooks are there but they are all empty.
All the tools you need to plan your vacation are right at your finger tips with this great app!
All these updates, and I still can't rename things?
All you need for decorating pictures is in this app
Allow users to force a sync!
Already addicted to the easy interface and concise, appropriate info.
Also an improvement in the media player would also help.
Also in Evernote hello there is no categorizing.
Also its more cumbersome to swipe through images since it's only responsive on the top half of the screen instead of the whole screen.
Also lets me post my crafty side and get more feedback.
Also like web integration.
Also lost the ability to export into pages for editing.
Also makes it easy to get photos from phone to computer since I never seem to move them.
Also makes preparing a menu easier!
Also please stop auto loading of images in feed section.
Also pops up for you to rate it at every log in so save yourself the annoyance and rate it right away.
Also slows down a ton when I open another board besides my own.
Also the Daily Rewards Power Up/Slot Machine no longer loads anymore.
Also the play, re, fw controls you get after double clicking the home button no longer work with this app.
Also very good for finding a good hotel.
Also why is it not possible to change names of files or folders?
Also would be nice to rename files.
Also would love to have an individual resort map of all the resorts available to view.
Also, an ability to highlight/edit PDF's would be rad.
Also, can you please add the option to copy and move files?
Also, I haven't found an undo option on the app version so when I accidentally delete content, I have to do it over.
Also, I love the new interface.
Also, I think it would be really fun if you incorporate a doodling function in Evernote.
Also, I would love to pay a flat fee to be able to access my notes offline.
also, it'll be cool to add videos!
Also, navigating thru app is now cumbersome and not as simple and elegant as before.
Also, still not able to rename files -- unbelievable!!
Also, the button for it is right under the pause button, which made me use it even more, I am now out of uses simply because they put it in a lousy location.
Also, the delete function is confusing and should have some sort of dialog box informing you that you are about to delete a photo on your ipad, not just in dropbox interface, and ask you to confirm that you want to do this.
Also, there is no logic behind the new tag section.
Also, using the same view in landscape mode is really ugly and wastes screen real estate.
Also, when reviewing I can rate different categories on the iPhone instead of just an overall rating on the iPad.
Although it does take quite a while to load it seems.
Although this is just a personal opinion, I feel that the layout is slightly inconvenient and confusing.
Always find fun things to do and good food.
Always full of things that are interesting to me without chasing me or interrupting my enjoyment with endless advertising.
Always works as promised and delivers useful info and travel tips!
Amazing I love that I can even upload my own personal photos and have them as a pin!
Amazing ;-) Amazing app ... the best way to stay in touch with ur frnd.. sharw images ... videos .
Amazing app it is very healfull and very freindly to use
An average app It's good.. but when it comes to "updating", it's pathetic!!
An Evernote system of tags and saved searches would enable us to keep all photos/video in one place and still sort them when needed.
An example is that I was trying to find info on a brew pub near our motel.
An extra I really like are the street maps and metro guides.
And for collaborating with others by using shared files and folders.
And great that it has desktop integration for a computer.
And help me with ideas for parties and all kinds of gathering and celebrations.
And I have done a good amount of googling around to know that I'm not the only one around wanting better text capabilities.
And I have to load it because its the ONLY way I can use it on my phones browser which isn't the mobile site anymore.
And just a user friendlier way to change settings and customize/add pictures to your boards.
And now it says trouble reaching evernote server.
And now we also can't see our notes on the map filtered by tag.
And now, it takes 15 minutes to login when I open the app.
And photos of where you are considering to stay.
And please, add the ability to tag photos and video.
And subcategories.
And that would NOT be version 5.2.1.
And the new power of the red bird, directional targeting, kinda goes against the appeal of the original game -- you fire a bird and can't change it's direction.
And the voice recognition is great!
And then I couldn't open all my notes.
And then I logged into my account through the website and no notes are there either...
And they even have an app that loads to your phone and no data is required (as long as you load the city before you use it)
And when you email or cut&paste into something else - it is a nightmare.
And you can even try to find the hidden items too.
Another update!
Any way the other one was better and you took away everyone's favorite levels!also same thing as #5
Anyhow, I miss Catch and some others.
Anyone can c my profile pic Its dangerous.
App crash Keeps crashing when you click on to the attach option
App should be much much better, can't go 1/2 of what you can online, can't post pictures,can't see my profile or past reviews, can't even give detailed ratings, needs to be much improved
app used to work wonderful except recent update.. unable to open most of our PDF files .. DROPBOX help!!!
April I really luv diz app...great effects on ur pic....
As a result, failures are frustrating because the controls fight my attempts at precision, and successes are unsatisfying because it feels like I just caught a lucky break.
As a result, synching between devices is not always reliable right now - just a watch-out.
As soon as I get to the level selection the app crashes.
As soon as i updated to version 2.1.
As soon as this was updated it will no longer give me accurate search results!
Asking for unnecessary permissions Also I do not want the app to run at startup!
At first when I got this it was cool, but then when I changed my mined about having my camera uploads in my Dropbox it says that I don't have any photos in my library when I clearly have photos in my library....please fix!!
At the moment, you can't copy/paste text, many users (myself included) have reported a typing bug where the cursor jumps when you try to type, rendering the note taking part useless.
At times even faster than ordinary sms.
At times frustrating to try to navigate to check rates.
Avoided updating the latest version becos during the last update, all the info which were not synchronized and backed up were swiped off!!
Awesm Most famous pics editor evr
Awesome Best photo editior i ever use
awesome bt plz increase the size videos that we send
AWESOME Great editing photo apk
Awesome I love pinterest.. its a place where I can keep all the things I like and are interested in, in one place
Awesome pics art is my only app for editing
Awesome Picsart Is The Best Editing Photo App
Awesome The updates Are Awesome!
Awesome This app is grt, to explore ur  creativity.
Awesome app but... Add the option of controlling the quality of pictures loaded do that less data usage is incurred.
Awesome app, allows you to easily create and share notes, pictures, diagrams and ideas between devices in a highly organized fashion.
Awesome Application Wonderful place to share products, art, makeup, home furnishings, helpful tips, how to do, and recipes galore!
Awesome updates!!!
awful app...I uploaded HUNDREDS of photos but app could not upload them all..lost hundreds of precious memories of concerts, times with friends, etc.
Awsme app I juz love dis app its so easy nd free
Awsome but cant do the powerpoint stuff i want to, not the apps fault though
Back button needs work as well.
Background gps keeps active and is draining my battery
Bad No password for content filter.
Bad job on the new level
Bad results in the search
Be it reading reviews or writing reviews myself!
Beautiful app, but NEEDS the ability share folders.
Because I am used to writing large amounts of text per note, it makes it extremely difficult to get the entirety of each note to load, and then to enter type mode.
Become very unstable and unsupported to my device Now a days it gives a big problem for my HTC desire V device  whenever someone or group chat text message me in marathi language or used in more smily in that  message that time whatsapp is directly closed and suddenly come back to the home screen and never open it....
Been trying to download a 1gb file for over 2 days now.
Being able to add voice memos, pictures and tags to notes is very helpful.
Best app Can always edit my pics and they will end up well
Best app so far I love that u can edit and make it ur own that's cool
Best app to share thoughts, ideas and different things and feelings..
best cloud service ever.
Best cloud sharing service, but app for iPhone stop working as it will not open on iPhone 5, keep asking to connect iTune for alert & notification...
Best gr8 Like it nice good job plz add more frame for free pack
Best info on hotels hands down!
Best information.
Best photo editer out there!
Best pic edit app Great app.
Best to use most recent reviews and look at overall score rather than relying on only one very bad or very good review.
Best way I know to keep all my important files in one place so I can access them from anywhere on any device!
Better Em having Samsung galaxy s 4 ad I am facing problem when I updated what's app.plz fix it
Better keep animation simple but optimize scrolling.
Better than normal texting.
Better yet an option to hide all the icons would improve display a lot
Between my Mac, iPhone and work with IE and desktop app, it easy to save from the web and edit notes as needed.
Both the application and the browser version on my iPad 2 are crashing, burning, and totally failing.
Brilliant It's a great  way to keep in contact with people you know :)
Brilliant app but crashes on iPad and iPhone.
Bring back the old format please!
Btw the solution to that 1 (after I tried reinstalling and rebooting) is to log in using user name instead of email (or vice versa.
Btw, I use the skitch add-on for editing,reformatting, *bold* print, etc.
Buggy, slow and insecure.
But after recent updates I have issues uploading things.
But after the newest update that removed the white dotted path that shows where your bird is aimed at and the strength you are using on the sling shot, its very difficult to play and not that fun.
But for me, the heart of the app is the near me now section.
But for some reason dropbox has not allowed favorited downloads the ability to resume  and instead restarts the download from the beginning every time it fails.
But I cant even access to my account because the app crashes in iphone size every time i open it.
but i don't understand why we can't add a website even though it's an option.
But I have noticed that you can't share folders, only a single file, which is pretty ridiculous because then I could just email that single file to someone, but when you have a whole bunch of pictures that you want to send, you can't send the whole folder of pictures.
But I have to rate it 4 stars because you made the menu worse looking.
But I mostly use Dropbox for music and it gets kind of annoying that the music doesn't go in a playlist like in the music app.
But I wish saved items could be viewed offline!
But in game ADs are really annoying.
But in my mobile, after downloading the app, it works six months after that again it shows date failure and it will not work... Again I have to download...
But iOS 5 is required to use it.
But it does allow me to take a pic, and record voice, so that helps.
But it has becum too slow since d last update..!!
But it has gud to connect wid ur frnds.
But it loses 2 stars just because I have to download one photo at a time.
But it works on all computers, including Mac.
But now it crashes if you select "Created" or "Title" for the viewing mode.
But shortly after having it I got several errors about inability to sync.
But sometimes the customised jpeg file customised is not recognised by the library/album.
But the design of this app is terrible.
But the developers keep shoving the new shock bird in your face to keep buying whenever you're stuck.
But the fact that I cannot add recent photos from my album!?!?!!?
But the latest level just takes this game to a new level of low.
But the performance is no smooth at all.
But this new level is along the lines of Bad Piggies.
But very discouraged when I go to do a something that I get advertisements for a ton of other stuff.
But why does location need to be enabled?
But wish it didn't steal all of your data.
BUT WISH THERE WAS A PASSCODE TO OPEN THE APP!
But with this new upgrade requiring iOS 7 (which I don't have), and many apps supporting other cloud storage providers, I find I may have to switch to Box, SugarSync, Mega, Mozy, or any of the other cloud storage sites who aren't forcing me to upgrade to iOS 7.
But, one thing that's still missing is bulk downloads.
But, overall an excellent app still.
But, when I searched by name, there was the pub and reviews.
By far an overall awesome app but it needs an update
By the way if you are complaining because of the logo for Roviow on the Angry Birds App then stop its just saying who it's made by( just a picture!
Can no longer add files directly from phone.
Can u plz make It connect to Facebook angry birds "friends" to compete in the tournament every week
Can we get push notifications for other things being shared, besides just folders.
Can you please integrate a spam filter feature so I can select and identify senders from which I no longer wish to receive emails.
Can't do w/o it.
Can't even aim the birds, can't see the whole screen.
Can't install on IOS 6 devices.
Can't install the update.
Can't open files, files won't update.
Can't play because it crashes constantly!
Can't read your own contributions or see badges.
Can't see the names of many boards - there needs to be a wrapped text function on board names so long board names can be seen.
Can't upload.
Can't use due to pop-up about push notifications.
Can't use on 4s with iOS 7.
Can't vote reviews helpful.
Cannot download latest update, it was working fine for a year and then the updates started.
Cannot open any saved files.
Cannot trust using it on iPhone (only desktop and iPad).
Cant log in Cant seem to log in using my google account.
Cant think of any specific complaints, but there is always room for a more robust interface
Caught in a loop forever after trying to load a video and also forever looping in the initial how to adobe file.
Challenging levels great game play!!!
Change my screen name.
change text color, etc.
Chat & calling will be easier using this app.
Check out the forums to interact with others making your same trip!
Chill out, you just got the game for free and you're arguing about this pointless stuff.
Collecting your favorite things is fun to do as well as trying to express your likes and interests to others.
Colors!
come on update it and do better
Come on) and pop-ups (buy some IAPs already you walking wallets, or better yet, sign up for something you don't have any reason to.
comic book reader would be nice... is store all of my cbr and cbz files on dropbox so i can read them anywhere
Completely unusable.
Conditions of the facility/restaurant, cost, service provided by the staff, and more, are at your fingertips.
Constant crashes in iOS 7; 8 crashes in 30 minutes.
Constant issue with confirming email address Got bored went back to Tumblr
Constant pop ups trying to sell "super birds" that don't really do much take away the pleasure of the game.
Continuous improvement keeps this complete cross-platform system well ahead and above the alternatives.
Cool Good place to go if you need an idea for almost anything
Cool It made my pinning more interesting.
Cool :) even I have a low class phone, I can still edit pictures through the help of picsart.
Cool app Awsome app works fantastic just love it !!!
Cool app to photo edit.....
coooooll epic msnger
Could care less about location pinning.
Could pin but not see my own boards to retrieve the pins!
Couple these features with the ability to share a folder of PDFs with other Dropbox users and you've converted me, and countless others, to PDF viewing through Dropbox.
Crash!
Crashes & hangs.
Crashes every single time I open the update episode.
Crashes every time I open a level...
Crashes every time I try to play it!!
Cross.
Currently have to re-login to get files to update.
Currently, you have to leave the folder and come back in if you wish to refresh that folder.
Dam, people are arguing that the game is freezing all the time and the app logo is "ugly".
Dear designers: Would love to see the functionality of the media player upgraded to allow play of songs one after another (without individually selecting them).
Definitely useful.
Design meshes perfectly with iOS 7  Great job on this update :)
Developers dropped the ball on this update.
Didn't receive notification until open up the app.
Disappointed to see there's still no text editor after all this time.
Do all your fans a favor - fire all your current programmers, offer the 2011 version as an update, and then call it a day.
Do not like this new version.
DO NOT load the Dec 12 update!
Do wish it allowed all functions to exist in an Apple environment since I am cross-bred with my devices.
Does almost everything except allowing me to make a quick diagram by hand.
Does anyone else have their Dropbox app, not the site, increasing in memory even without any favorite files???.
Does everything the website but smoother, quicker and with more clarity.
Does not show you anything about your account such as your contributions or anything related to your reviews.
Doesn't seem to involve or build skills, except speed tapping.
Doesn't Support IOS6
Doesn�t work AT ALL.
Don't like new levels but still okay game.
Don't Updated to iOS7 cause I noticed the paragraph section is missing the ability to create "Section, subsection, paragraph and blockquote" as I was able to in the previous version.
Done Best Photoshop I have ever used
Downloaded it to find that it doesn't even open.
Downloaded the latest update and now my app has disappeared, and the App Store won't let me download it again.
Dropbox could be better with faster uploading and downloading speeds also you should add the options to sync multiple photos from your phone to your camera roll instead of just one at a time!!
Dropbox does not install on the iPhone.
Dropbox is a great program and tool, but with the last update which included a new PDF reader, I cannot open a PDF in full screen view, only thumbnail.
Dropbox is amazing and perfect for storage and safety I love it!
Dropbox no longer accepts files from my iPad since latest IOS update.
Dropbox support has been unhelpful.
Dropbox, we're supposed to upload our photos and video, but where will it all go?
Easiest way to keep in touch with my close and dear.
Easy & successful use.
Easy a d accessible.
Easy camera function allows for adding recipes right to notebook.
Easy quick games to keep you busy.
Easy setup.
Easy to access on any device or on their website.
Easy to find venues.
Easy to Pin from Mobile.
Easy to search for information when I need it
Easy to share information with staff with a few key strokes.
Easy to use Screen shots can be a little small
Easy to use - almost effortless.
Easy to use and easy to be directed.
Easy to use and fun!
Easy to use and love how there's no Internet trolls on here.
Easy to use and super quick.
Easy to use and very accurate.
Easy to use and very useful.
Easy to use for quick, concise note-taking.
Easy to use with  good content.
Easy to use with folders & tags.
Easy to use, but I wish you could sort hotels by distance from a location/address.
Easy to use, good link with the website, easy to find recommendations quickly all over the world (thanks to all the other users out there!!
Easy to use, info is accurate and everything you need to know as a traveler or tourist!
Easy to use.
Easy use
Eazy to excess Great way to communute.
Edit photos Love it!!
Edit simple text files including adding new files.
Editing ability and consistency on iPhone has improved with recent updates.
Editing and the dashboard in the app could use an easier interface.
editing any of that becomes problematic.
Editing pics Superb ty
Effect Please fix some of your effect such as fattal because its become a different quality of picture when I want to save it.
Eh It stops suddenly, kicks me out.
Enjoy but to many ads
Epic Its really good but when using 3g costs lods
Error messages when simply trying to move files.
Error report Not ok
Even after the latest update.
Even the messenges that are being send gets shuffled.
Even though I'm only on the 5th episode I can tell Red's Mighty Feather's is gonna be AWESOME!!
even with the latest glitches, evernote is  still one of the only apps on my phone i use daily.
Ever since I downloaded the latest update the app on my iPad continues to show a pop up alert message.
Ever since iOS 7 update, Dropbox has not worked; constantly crashes, when it does run it is EXTREMELY slow, and there are problems with camera uploading.
Ever since the update to the new PDF viewer (March 2013?
Ever spent an hour trying to find a user name that would be accepted?
Evernote has allowed me to organize all the notes and journal summaries for my MBA thesis seamlessly and everything is accessible whether I'm at home, work, or mobile.
Evernote is a great way to store pictures & notes online, to your computer to your cellphone, I always found myself using it to store notes I would lose.
Evernote is an excellent service, and this is an awesome app!
Evernote is my go to for everything - whether lists, meeting notes, just things to remember etc.
EverNote is no longer for taking text notes.
Evernote is wonderful for organizing my notes!
Evernote seems to build "islands of stuff" - text, pictures, URLs, etc.
Every other app has the ability to go either direction.
Every single time i try to play it, it crashes
Every time I go to open it or play a level the audio trips and then dark screen, home screen.
Every time I log on to my TripAdvisor account through Facebook on my iPod Touch, it crashes.
Every time I try to get on the new story, the screen goes black and the I'm back on my home screen!
Every time I try to open it, it crashes and I can't even play!
Every time I try to open one of my audio files the app just shuts down.
Every time I upload pictures it starts to say " conntect to iTunes " and it keeps poppin up after I click ok ..
Everything is easier to find, looks prettier, and is easy to access.
Everything is easy to search and it has always worked flawlessly.
Everything was great before the update, now nothing works.
Excelente informacion, me encantan las fotos de los turistas.
Excellent A complete package in all for the artist in everyone
Excellent Beautiful sharing of beautiful pictures, ideas ideas!
Excellent But need to add some more features......
Excellent app Performs many tasks!
EXCELLENT APP Simple and good app
Excellent app The first versions of this were a little slow but now the app is great.
Excellent communication app It is quite nice and enjoyable and time passing too...   Communication is very easy through this and is best communication app ever....  Keep it up WHAT'S APP...!!!
Excellent for keeping visual ideas I really use this to keep recipes,  and fashion ideas, but overall great app.
Excellent messenger The best in the market
Excellent notification alert I jst wish dat whatsapp had its own alert ringtone bt its nthng important bcz it fulfils its role of bein a communicational avenue
Excellent way that connects to our family, friends, relatives and strangers too... :));))
Excellent... Its nice.. easy to use...
Exellent Nice t use and its very easy
Export to phone  You can upload but cant download files to your phone  Update from today  ........................
Failed to upgrade I couldn't upgrade to the new version, had to delete the app, now I can't install it again..
Fantastic resources!
Fare Still having problems, I got foreclosed on like 20 times last night and still aren't able to change my password or access my boards, it's as if my Pinterest has been compromised!
Fast route to information, culture and lots of fun!
Favorites can only be done on iPhone app.
Favourite hands down for photo editing ?
Fck Fix this cause always error
Feb 7,14: Can't view the photos  anymore (if there's no HTTP link).
Feedback is provided by actual travelers so you are provided with honest results.
Feels more fluid, controls are intuitive and exactly where I expect them to be.
Finally we can share links to folders!
Finally, if you have a large file to send someone, you can just put it into your Dropbox and easily send that person a link to view and download your file!
Finally, it would be nice if tag searching worked like it does on the web version of Evernote, evaluating the entire tag.
Finally, when I'm using this while traveling, I really don't want to use international roaming to upload a review, but remind me later waits about 5 minutes and them pesters me again, so a star off for that.
First time I tried to use it, it locked up.
First, they ruined the icon.
Fix crashing issues on iPod touch 4
fix it -_- wont let meh open it
Flat out will not open on a new iPad Air
Flight tickets are the best price i've seen, so far but I do wish they would drop a bit here & then .
For example the spell check doesn't work just right and the search is slow at times.
For me, it way more easier to store files in the storage area of my online email provider - GMX.
For people on the go, we need to be able to email links out to people, sending tons of individual links to people is not feasible.
For the longest time I couldn't find a single sync button anywhere.
Forgot info link will not send anything to my email so I lost everything I did and no way to contact devs
Found this app to very useful for finding restaurants and lodging while traveling and at home.
Found tripadvisor when planning a trip with my boo and it helped us a great deal.
Frequently crashes and does not allow local storage of personal notes, which are automatically stored on painfully slow Evernote servers.
From baby feeding and diaper changes to shopping lists and research papers - our family shares everything.
Full original game for free??
Full stars if completely downloaded Not downloading properly although full netwrk excess
Fun and creative Easy to use,fun, makes any picture cute and creative
FUN making collages!
Fun really like the new levels
FURTHER UPDATE--version 2.1.1 brought back dropbox to my phone.
Furthermore, too much key info is buried.
galaxy ace love this app
galaxy pocket excellent application allover
Galaxy tab 3 Love pinterest, app works well, have it both on phone and tab
Game crashes.
Game was fun till the ads I was planning on buying their other games but not so sure now
Ganesh lg p350 Great app
Get rid of everything after Bad Piggies.
Get to share some really cool pictures, ideas, jokes and recipes.
Gives you just the right amount of information you'd need when planning a trip.
Gone are the excellent filters for refining your search.
Gone is the ability to pan the map and have your search applied to a new area.
Good Can you please add some more frames,which takes a lot of pictures....please.
Good Easy to use
Good Everyone realy want the "hide last seen" option on android .
Good Good And easy for editing photo
Good I like this app lets u do fun stuff with ur pics
Good Need facility to attach documents as well
Good Nice
Good Nice edithing photo
Good Nice photo editor
Good Pls add more feature allow me to send pdf file to frnds
Good Really help full....but if u make it free for lifetime...we will use it life long
Good This makes beautiful pics
Good V.nice  .fast
good app consumes more amount of phone  memory
Good app Is a good app to text on
GooD App Very user friendly
Good app for noting but too expensive to use it for poor students ... 60mb is not enough...could you make it more plz ?
Good as an editor,but a little slow Yeah!
Good but Good concept.
Good but notes are not available offline unless you favorite them which you cannot do on an ipad.
Good feature I like this apps, but we need voice call also.
Good for quick word processing and keeping track of all kinds of stuff.
Good game without the usual gun or blood violence.
Good notes app, nicely organized and clean to edit and read.
Good product
Good reviews
Good reviews by serious travelers.
good software but low processing
Good.... Should add more graphics
Goodul Work fast
Goood No payment please
Got it free with appgratis!
Got this app for the reviews section.
Great Awesome
Great Great free app.
Great Its great for texting with mates or friends always aware of the gossip its like a bbm put for android the thing is when I text and send I always make a mistake and wish I could take it back
great needs more features and hope u will advance to videos
Great This so is awesome, great app that lets you share ideas and things you like.
Great and resourceful app - plus fun to plan ahead or dream a little ....
Great app Awesum app easy 2 use
Great app best photo editor out there
Great app Best picture editor
Great app But when I update it , its force close
Great app Occasionally freezes or has errors loading & pinning.
Great app - beautiful layout.
Great app but I wish it could sort and/or rate based on which meal you would like for restaurants.
Great app can have good editing ***Great app & gud editor!!!
Great app for business purposes.
Great app for planning
Great app for searching, I just wish reviewing my reviews was as seamless as the website.
Great app I love the new design but with the new update when you try to share a link to a specific file that has a space in the file name I have to manually replace the spaces with %20 so it will hyperlink correctly.
Great app that I have used regularly but seems a bit jerky since the iOS 7 update and update of app itself.
Great app that is very user friendly.
Great app to edit photos Loads of features to edit photos that too free.
Great app to write my reviews on!
Great app with great information
Great app with valuable information
Great app, Great contents!!!
Great effects and powers.
Great for finding hotels, restaurants.
Great for finding local gems in restaurants and decent hotels.
Great for on the road reviews and info while traveling, love to use while out of town or at the house to get info on places to eat, go check out, or if you're planning a trip.
Great for slow note takers I use it for all my classes wish there was a bullet option
Great for tagging and clipping important websites and urls.
Great for taking personal notes.
Great for US and abroad planning.
Great game and nice update
Great game for all ages with the ability to uncover new challenges.
Great graphics and the physics engine is dead-on!
Great in helping me find restaurants.
Great information is available.
Great levels have been added, and it's been awesome!
Great messenger app Excellent, wouldnt have done it better myself :))
Great new levels
Great new levels at an incredible price.
Great Photoshop I like it alot, especially for small touch ups and facebook!
Great productivity app: syncs across all my devices without a problem.
Great puzzle game.
Great service with this app.
Great sharing Love to be able to search and find exactly what I want!
Great sync across several devices...
Great that I can move between iPhone and iPad without losing all of my hard work.
Great tool to consolidate your notes
Great tool.
Great trip tool.
great way to save favourite things love it but constant emails irritating
Green interface doesn't look, or feel good.
Grt app, not just editing d pics...bt lso u can create ur own fun wid it!
Gud It's very good way to contact people far away
Had to disable this is privacy settings to just to resolve the battery drain.
Had to keep restring my password to try to use it.
Handy announcements from Evernote.
Happy with the updates especially the quick pin and like capability!
Has been helpful in locating great places to stay and eat from south Alabama to Arkansas to Texas.
Hate the moving target!
Hate the new levels!
Hated the bad piggies app with all the building stuff and this is just as bad.
Have been using Evernote forfiver a year now... very easy-to-use program, love the syncing with my desktop, phone, iPad, etc.
Have it on my iPhone, iPad and computer.
Have it so instead of uploading all photos, have it so you can choose which ones to upload as a option in settings.
Have never had any issues with this app, its been my go to for enhancing  photos and has never let me down!
Have to scroll thru all the pictures to get to the end.
Have used in US, Ireland and Continental Europe, easy to use good information including location, numbers and web site.
Having a map to get you there also helps.
Having been using trip advisor for quite a few years, I find the ap to be very useful.
Having problem getting to update upgrade!?
Having search feature for a word does me no good if I can't search within the note to find that word.
Having this available easily on my phone made checking updates on projects from work to sharing items much easier when I'm not at a computer.
He looses his notebooks but the pen syncs with Evernote and all his handwritten notes are there.
Head to their website and they have user guides which will give you some ideas.
Help me find many hotels when I need help.
Help!
Here's my review for Red's Mighty (Crappy) Feathers: it's just not fun.
Honestly, it took me some time to get used to using this application - web clipping, photo notes, sharing, etc., but now I find this app to be the "deal killer" - the one thing that MUST be on every device -   The note scanning is so powerful it can read my scribbles (take notes in a meeting, take pics in evernote, throw them out!
Hope Dropbox team improves the QA process and perform more exhaustive testing before releasing a new version.
Hopefully an update with power ups will come soon to help people clear this episode and put it behind them.
Horrible update I'm furious I spent my money to get this!!!!
HOW CAN I CAN MAXIMIZE THE SLIDE SHOW ?!
How can I have the old version????
How do I get MCPE maps and mods?
How do you move files within existing folders?
How hard would it be to include this as an additional search filter?
How to add voice memo from the iPhone?
however there is still a problem which is that when you try using the "open in" option in other iPad applications, and ask to open in Dropbox, the filed just opened shows up in the iPad Dropbox application, but the Dropbox server is not updated... meaning that file is not found in the Dropbox folders if you access the folders in a different device/computer, etc...
However, the positioning is glitchy.
However, this latest update is AWFUL.
However, when I use the camera upload option in iOS 7, it only uploads the original photo and not the edited one.
HTC 4G android.
HTC Amaze It could be better but its almost perfect with the filters.
HTC one Best social app ever.!!
HTC one s Good
HTC user Great app.
I absolutely HATE the new levels - the new format is horrible.
I absolutely love being able to save notes and organize them in notebooks.
I absolutely love pinning projects, recipes and travel ideas.
I access all my entries on my iPad, iPhone, or computer.
I actually do alot of the pins been a success so far!
I also find that the left column flickers and the program crashes at every other use.
I also like that i can add any places and review them.
I also love that I can view it all on various devices.
I also love the dead simple camera upload for my iPad & iPhones but would like to see that integrated outside of a sync.
I also love the feature of sharing stuff with mates.
I also miss the 'page xx of xx' feature when scrolling.
I also think the latest style refresh is a big positive in the right direction.
I also use Evernote Food App (which syncs with Evernote).
I also wished that there was a way to respond to replies.
I also wouldn't mind an option to pin to multiple boards.
I always go to trip advisor to see opinions whether the are good reviews or not.
I always read all the reviews while we are traveling on the road.
I am also unable to email the existing info.
I am enjoying this app and how I can place items that I want to review at a later time.
I am having problems uploading stuff to survival craft a game.
I am never without important documents that I need to review or look up that are password encoded.
I am no longer given the option to "open in".
I am not a computer inclined persone and I was looking for something easy to crop pictures with.
I am not a fan of the new version.
I am not finding a way to read the longer, truncated file names in the left column.
I am on the road 5 days out of the week and I needed a dependable application for locating hotels, restaurants, Starbucks, etc.
I am planning my entire vacation to Key West using trip advisor.
I am really using this Tripadvisor to receive information about hotels restaurants, etc.
I am so addicted to pinning on my 20+ boards.
I am THOROUGHLY disappointed and COMPLETELY disgusted with the newest levels!
I appreciate the easy access to reviews of restaurants and other places.
I appreciate the reviews from people and try to contribute whenever I can.
I can access files anywhere.
I can access through the "open" option on dropbox App Store page but not through dropbox icon on phone page.
I can edit pictures in a high quality.
I can log in through safari fine, but when I use the app I keep getting a pop up which won't go away that says "connect to itunes to use push notifications" the weird thing is, I have all notifications for Dropbox turned off!
I can no longer link my account to my atomic web browser, don't know if it's cause of the iOS 7 update, if so then please update the app to work with it
I can NOT access them.
I can not open many of my files on my Ipad.
I can only hide it, not adjust it.
I can order the searches to look at latest entries first which is very important in my business.
I can pin everything I like and send pictures and quotes to my girlfriend.
I can pretty much have access to all my photos and videos on the go without it taking space on my phone.
I can reinstall the app and then it works for a while, until I switch to a different app or go to the home screen, then I have the same problem.
I can search for them and find them.
I can search pictures of business cards, agendas as well as meeting notes and I can do this from my iPad, iPhone, web or home computer app.
I can tag items and move between folders which allow me to manage my daily tasks and set reminders if something has a due date.
I can't believe Rovio went to all this trouble to turn a perfectly fun and addicting game into a game that should just be thrown in the trash!!
I can't believe you guys removed one of the most useful features of Evernote, which was the ability to style lines as either a section, subsection, paragraph or blockquote.
I can't effectively use my notes...it's too much of a hassle to try to look in each month for a note created, and even each month is not in alphabetical order.
I can't even get the game to play.
I can't find a master list of reminders in the app or the desktop version.
I can't get passed the first level because it crashes
I can't open Dropbox.
I can't open it on my ipad 3.
I can't share folders!
I can't update it, can't delete it, can't use it.
I can't write with the confidence that EverNote will not crash, but HEY, I can take a picture of my pancakes and keep it for posterity.
I cannot open this app anymore.
I care more about the functionality than the looks, so this review will say nothing about the updated look.
I catch myself just jotting notes on a sticky pad and leaving them on my desk...
I choose a level and it keeps crashing!
I click on the icon, my enter password shows up and either it's stuck on that and I can't even enter a password, or I enter it and nothing happens.
I deleted ALL the others because of ALL the adds for your games, toys, books cartoons, and every other thing you could fit in there these games say 32 MB but they are all almost 200 MB because there is soooo many adds in them.
I did not give permission to upload pics.
I did the update and they made me change my password.
I didn't finish Bad Piggies and won't be finishing this either.
I didn't have to uninstall just shut down app and reload and connect to wifi
I didn't wish to upgrade to IO7 on my ipad2 and can't on my orginal ipad.
I dislike the latest version.
I dislike the update on the news feed, I don't want to see in which boards my pins are being pinned to...
I do all of my bookings with TripAdvisor through the app or through the Internet and it still works very well!
I do some organizing up front, but the real benefit is everything is then searchable and available on both my computers, phone and tablet.
I do wish I could change my board cover and have more categories like on the website.
I do wish that when sharing the notes, they didn't look like garble when I use colors and formatting.
I don't have a good sense of what actually kills the pigs, versus just wounding them, and any results I get don't seem at all repeatable from one attempt to the next.
I don't just mean the iPhone or iPad versions, but rather the entire concept.
I don't need to see a leader board.
I don't really know how to created the file like a word document or something.
I download a 700 mb file and open it in a app I really don't need to have it in two places on my iPad.
I downloaded an update and now the flight search doesn't work.
I downloaded the city app while I was travelling and was very happy to find that the maps worked even without using data.
I enjoy using trip advisor and would probably post more reviews if I could see a list and access my own reviews from the app.
I enjoy your creativity to find ever more and different puzzles for me.
I especially like the web clipper and then emailing right from Evernote
I even purchased the Pro version.
I find I must logon again each and every time I open the app on my iPad2 running iOS7.
I find it very handy to be able to copy from penultimate straight to Evernote!
I find the interface to be awkward, but the biggest fault w this app is its poor syncing across devices.
I find the new levels to be more frustrating and I don't get that "just one more before bed" hooked feeling I get from the other Angry Birds levels and spinoffs.
I find this app one that I use whether I am at home looking for a restaurant that I have not tried or to make recommendations for friends planning on visiting the area.
I found this app pretty helpful overall for finding hotels and reading reviews, however the search feature was a bit limited and didn't allow me to filter by brand name easily.
I generally love Dropbox, but since I upgraded to iOS 7 I can no longer view html files properly (I am referring to files saved on my Dropbox as .html).
I get a big black screen every time I try to click on the hotels pictures.
I get a pop up about push notifications and if I push ok it pops back up again making it completely inoperable.
I get the logo screen and then the app crashes completely.
I go and then post my thoughts.
I got this app free thanks to FeaturePoints!
I gotta say, overall I like this app, although the logic behind the 15 min cap on streaming alludes me.
I guess they are forcing us to pay for premium, find alternative, fellows!
I had higher expectations for this new version.
I had to upload all the pictures to a named folder, then I had to use the Internet browser to login to Dropbox and then send the link to the folder from there.
I hate giving this 3 stars, but know its just for the app interface, not Evernote itself, which I love.
I hate how hard iris to put different notes into different notebooks, though!
I hate it so much I don't want to give it Bull crap.stupid
I have a factory refurbished older iPad and it cannot run IOS 7.
I have a premium account and I use Evernote for business and personal items all day long and I am very frustrated about the new advertisement section I've been graced with despite paying not to have advertisements.
I have all the iPod ones but deleted rio cause I didn't like it.
I have also had issues refreshing feed at times...but otherwise great app.
I have been using Dropbox for years now and I have never been more happy when it comes to sharing files with myself (between all my devices) and with friends.
I have been using the app for sharing files while I travel but it know longer works.
I have camera upload on and when I opened it, it started reuploading over 200 photos even though they were already there.
I have had this game for a long while and never had problems, once I updated my phone to iOS 7, and re-downloaded angry birds on an I-phone 4 I have not even been able to play the game but rather fight glitches, not full screen and will not respond.
I have had this program for over a year now.
I have inadvertently deleted entire notes because of the new layout, which is slow and barely functional.
I have it on all my devices to note ideas down, clip web articles and can search through everything.
I have it uploading my photos, which it does consistently well and syncing docs I need.
I have loved this game since the first time I ever played it...but I am so sick of getting the instant text messages of reminding me of my "daily rewards".
I have many things on my PC and it automatically syncs to my iPhone.
I have never had any difficulties with it,  very user friendly.
I have no desire to do either and I never could figure out how to bypass the startup login requirement and use it as a standalone note taking app.
I have no idea how to get drop box files to sync with the iPhone or iPad
I have over 200 notes in Evernote (verified in the Mac version and on Evernote.com), but only 4 of them appeared in the new version of this app until I deleted and reinstalled it.
I have the app on my phone and iPad.
I have to go to my iPhone to see B &B's or filter by categories within restaurants and things to do.
I have to open the files in other programs.
I have to overwrite in the app to update a file and then I have to use the web version to move updates files into a folder.
I have tried a number of note taking apps, and it is fair to say that I am not a huge fan of any of them.
I have tried its info a couple of times and it always turns out very reliable.
I have tried to get information on TA and all I see is this statement that the review has been removed.
I have upgraded to the new version.
I have used Dropbox for a while but the 2 features which I live the most are Open in Dropbox and save on your mobile device.
I haven't even begun to scratch the surface of all its capabilities, but I love the fact that it will sync across all my devices.
I hoped the update would bring back the "open in" option but it didn't.
I just downloaded it and can't open it on my iPad!
I just downloaded the new update and every time i try to play a level it crashes.
I just realized that you had to update it!
I just started a new position within my company that requires me to travel and I always refer to Trip Advisor for ratings on hotels and good places to get a hot meal.
I just struggle to find a use for it, and when I do, I often want PDFs out, which I struggle to acquire at work where it's all Windows all the time.
I just updated the app and the little blue loading bar thingy on the app itself is stuck on full.
I just want to indent).
I just wish that there was a calendar integration and sub folders within stacks.
I just wish there was an option to change the name of pictures and documents through your phone.
I just wish you could edit your word documents other than that it's great!
I keep getting the message "connect to ITunes to get push notifications.
I keep trying to get to one of my files, but the app keeps crashing for some reason.
I know I can just do a screen shot but i prefer the clean cut copy you receive, without boarders from saving images to the camera roll!
I know there is an outline feature (with either dots or numbers, this is not the feature I commonly use.
I lately found this app..simply amazing interface and many options
I like being able to take pictures and use it often for business cards.
I like it It is that best way to chat every  one
I like it.
I like submitting my honest reviews as I see them and am glad people can take what I have to say and make their own opinion.
I like that it gives you more info about the area.
I like the app, and the program a whole lot, but my WAV files only load and play when I have a wifi connection.
I like the candor reflected in the reviews.
I like the concept and automation using the subject line.
I like the fact that I can download drop box on any device and share pics.
I like the fact when there is a negative report, the owner can rebuttal it online.
I like the game but, it takes  a lot of space?
I like the new update rovio keep up the good work
I like the page preview feature of the new version, but the general PDF viewing experience is worse.
I like the UI improvements with the new version.
I like this app but it is a bit frustrating because it is not fully synchronized with my Tripadvisor profile on the actual website.
I like this app i just reallyy wish it could support zip files as well if that was changed i would so give it a 5star rating :)
I like this app, which allow us to chat, share music and video...
I like Trip Advisor, but their app is slow and feels buggy.
I like using trip advisor to look for restaurants in areas along with hotels.
I liked the old color scheme.
I liked very much the upgrade to pdfs (divisions and search).
I loaded 314 documents in about five seconds.
I logged in with my new password and ALL of my files are missing!
I lost a weeks worth of class notes, can't even open the program without it crashing unless I'm connected to wifi, and a complete notebook just disappeared after the password reset.
I love where are the colors of the textfonts?
I LOVE AB but this latest update is horrible.
I love all the great things I find and the ease of pinning them.
I love angry birds and I love that this have more levels!!!
I love angry birds but the new update is awful!
I love angry birds but this new level is really unpleasant and confusing.
I love Angry Birds but where are some new levels?!
I love Angry Birds but with this new update not so much.
I love angry birds,but im not happy with you.Why do you need Open GL 2.0?
I love angry birds.And you should sign with sponge bob squarepants for an app .And you should youse Billy Joel music for your background sound.
I love Dropbox on my Mac and I use it all the time to share files with my photography clients.
I love Evernote and have become very reliant on it, one of the apps I can't do without however I am without it now because it crashes on open and will not open on iPhone.
I love having all my photos backed up automatically and not having to keep them on my phone.
I love having trip advisor on my iPhone and iPad.
I love it Easy to use
I love it Easy to use and relatively stable app.
I love it It's a place for me to see fandom stuff and funny photos.
i love it this app lets you create beautiful pictures
I love it and highly recommend for all devises and all file types.
I love it, making a password lock before accessing the actual app would be perfect, for the fact that most of the files are very important, but still an amazing app.
I love our Dropbox functionality and speed.
I love pasting notes to ever note.
I love seeing the trip advisor signs when I go into restaurants now.
I love that I can have post it notes without the post its.
I love that it syncs with my computer.
I love that you can access your notes from anywhere.
I love the ability to search for bargains in travel and lodging, and get the inside baseball on what I can expect from local hotels and restaurants!
I love the ability to sync on all of my computers so I am always up to speed.
I love the app for allowing me to keep my notes organized and synchrd across devices.
I love the do-anything note capabilities: text, inline photos, audio files, web-clips (which I have yet to become proficient with, but will)!
I love the document photo feature.
I love the edits but lately picsart will not let me upload or share my picture ..please fix!
I love the Evernote app but ever since the last update, which was a few days ago, this app has been giving me nothing but problems.
I love the fact that Evernote allows me to sync my notes between each of my devices and computers.
I love the fact that its so easy to use and now my cel is working better than ever!
I love the highlight section, but wish there is more color than yellow.
I love the idea of Dropbox but my cloud does the same thing... My videos take a really long time to upload I think it froze :( If the app didn't take up space on my iPad then I would be impressed ;)
I love the moving targets!
I love the new clean UI.
I love the new design for iOS 7
I love the new levels they are very challenging .
I love the new Reds Mighty Feathers but for some reason, ever since I updated it, the classic Angry Birds isn't giving me my Daily Reward anymore.
I love the PC version and an app just puts icing on the cake!
I love the redesign.
I love the variety of levels and birds.
I love the website as well.
I love this app I can edit my photo easily.good and keep it up!
I love this app but I do wish I could highlight words in PDFs and create bookmarks.
I love this app but my opinion is to add some more clear tracing image and coloring bottle in draw menu so that i can make comics like a photoshop.
I love this App it helps me a lotwhen travelling, specially if you take your time to read the reviews!
I love this app just wish it was available for every site i visited.. Would recommend.
I love this app so much I recommended this so to anyone that likes to edit pictures.
I love this app, BUT it is not working with iOS7!!!!!
I love this APP, I LOVE Trip Adviser, but since the last upgrade I've lost my option to "like" or save favorite places and I've sadly lost the ones that I had marked for an upcoming vacation!
I love this because it's a fun way to express yourself!
I love this one and its just not working right for me:'( now it won't download the features is Stuck I don't know if its me or you ??
I love using it otherwise, and love that ican access any file in dropbox on all my computers and easily share with others
I love using Trip Advisor to plan my travels...the reviews are extremely helpful!
I love you pics art If you want editor for android ...go with dis app only trust me...its best for android and fabulous for canvas HD i love itttttttttt
I loved the app, but ever since I installed iOS 7 and updated the app, it does not start.
I need to save the file to see the photo on my iPhone.
I never book a room without checking the reviews on this site first!
I now have to enter numerous towns and do numerous searches to find what I'm looking for.
I once had a problem on my iPad with an endless loop asking me to connect to iTunes.
i only can view pdfs once.
I only wish there was streaming support for media files (btw @dropbox - I'd pay extra for that).
I paid for it now its free?
I paid for these games, this wasn't suppose to happen....Grrr
I paste my passwords I paste copies of receipts and anything that I need to locate later and I can easily find it in one location the search option is very handy as well.
I personally know I'm not with most of the people who wrote the review, I actually like the new level set.
I prefer using it on my ipad than my phone as the clarity of the pictures are incredible.
I really enjoy  chatting in watsapp!
I really enjoy this app but during my use, I just wish I could format my notes a little more nicely - by that I mean more functions like the ones in InDesign, or apps similar to it.
I really like its integration with other SaaS tools.
I really love how Dropbox update design.
I really love the new levels.
I really wanted a note system I could trust, but Evernote just lost all my notes on the upgrade.
I rely on Dropbox for syncing daily annotated PDFs from my iPad to my home computer.
I spent 90 cents on this last year, AND NOW IT'S FREE?!?!?!
I started writing review a couple of years ago and I must say this is the best app out of all my apps.
I suggest that the next angry bird be angry birds "lord of the rings.
I swear by Tripadvisor and this app makes it so accessible.
I tend to provide reviews on the fly and my only wish is that I could edit them through the app.
i think best gud
I think there should be an option for quieter areas to go to, since most places are very touristy and crowded.
I thought I paid .99 to remove ads but apparently they're back.
I tried changing all the push notification options and it doesn't fix it!
I tried reloading but it still asks to connect to iTunes and will not work on my Ipad
I tried to launch it and it always crashes and exits.
I tried to log in on my iPad but it would not let me.
I trusted Dropbox as a back up for my photos.
I try to go for something and it always points me away from the target I want to hit terrible update
I turn first to them for hotel and dining recommendations at home or in some exotic destination.
I understand it now and it's really very fun to find things snag pin them.
I updated the dropbox app on my iPad and can't view any of my PDF files.
I use Evernote for so many things: Note taking, Recording meetings, to do lists, web clipping, reading PDFs - and everything syncs to all devices i use.
I use for everything!
I use it a lot and I post a lot of my reviews too!
I use it across platforms and it always works without a glitch.
I use it DAILY to keep my (gluten-free, dairy-free) recipes organized!
I use it everyday.
I use it for all my note taking.
I use it to keep track of recipes, make notes on hobbies, keep up with maintenance tasks
I use it to look for places near me- in the US and in Europe.
I use it to save recipes or articles of interest to read at a later time.
I use it to store all sorts of data that I need to be able to recall quickly.
I use it to sync files between a desktop, laptop, iPad, iPod and iPhone.
I USE IT TO WRITE JOURNAL ENTRIES, TAKE NOTES AT CHURCH, JOB MEETINGS, ETC.
I use several apps for PDF viewing and one feature that keeps me on the prowl for the holy grail of PDF viewers, is an app that supports PDF markup.
I use the app mostly for researching hotel options and things to do in different towns around the world.
I use the site a lot when traveling to search out places to eat and stay and some are spot on and some not.
I use this app all the time when on vacation and this new version is making it very difficult to look at my saves.
I use this app anytime we have travel plans as I rely on the reviews to help us make travel decisions as to where to stay, visit, etc.
I use this app constantly to log and recall business cards, notes, to do's, wine, art, inspiration, quotes...everything.
I use this app quite a bit to find restaurants and hotels, both near and far.
I use this app to edit all my pictures.
I use this app to keep track of everything from work tasks, household chores, shopping lists and ideas for the future without getting them mixed up.
I use this to organize my life.
I use thus app more than any of my other apps combined... from voice memos, notes, recipes... it can all be saved, filed and tagged for easy retrieval and viewing.
I used  to rely on Dropbox to transfer files from my iPad to my computer.
I used it some before the reminder system was added.
I used to be able to view .xls files on my iPad AND iPhone.
I used to enjoy it but now with Bad piggies and next it is more and more difficult to get 3 stars, it is not fun anylonger; stay away from it, specially the red' feather crap, not the classic episode, it is garbage
I used to love the simplicity of the web interface, but the new one seems too cumbersome and I've had some really weird issues where it has overwritten my notes.
I used to LOVE this app until they ruined it by taking away the "what's nearby" when you're already scrolling down a hotel or a restaurant page.
I usually hold my iPad for trip advisor in horizontal position (sideways), so the button was nowhere to be found.
I usually love angry birds and can't wait for new levels however, I HATE the new level called "red's mighty feathers) point made!!!
I want my eagle back!!!
I want the old angry birds back.
I want the old version , this don't have the option to share my files via Facebook message ,please bring back the previous version or fix that !!!
I want to be able to send a link to people of an entire folder with many pics in it from my mobile.
I want to Pin more!
I was an early adopter and have found it to be an incredibly useful tool for productivity, personal reference, and as an idea-base.
I was browsing looking at our ratings when I found myself browsing other hotels around the country & now I want to travel more just to go to the hotels in my saved list!
I was disappointed with the bubble bird, but I trekked on.
I was looking for the longest time the save (Favorites feature) button until I noticed that it only appears when iPad is hold in vertical position (upright).
I was simply trying to toggle check marks in my grocery list yesterday, and it would take three or more attempts to acknowledge me, and then suddenly the keyboard would pop up without any reason and the screen and cursor would jump to the bottom of the list.
I will avoid updating.
I wish I could delete them.
I wish I could email documents from Dropbox as attachments not as links.
I wish I could make more adjustments from my phone , but I still have to use the regular laptop to change pin cover photos and to  rearrange boards.
I WISH THE INSTRUCTIONS WERE CLEARER
I wish the interface a bit different.
I wish there was a 'move pin' button to place it to another board.
I wish you could save Notes from the home page to Dropbox, that would make organizing my devotionals and other thoughts easier, as well as increase the camera upload speed instead of just one at a time.
I would give this 5 stars if it had these two additional features:  Ability to use a scroll bar on iPad and iPhone rather than swipe, swipe, swipe and more swipe to get to the bottom of a note.
I would like it better if I was able to increase the text size SUGGESTION- Have an undo button.
I would like it better if there were multi- layer nesting available for the notebooks, but it is pretty cool.
I would like the ability to share a complete folder not just one file at a time.
I would like to say that I do not like the fact that the password has to be reset.
I would love to have an option to reply directly from my Gear.
I would never use another app to find hotels, restaurants and attractions for my travels.
I would normally rate this game four stars, but I really dislike the new music that sounds like farting.
I would put a folder as favorite, thus putting all the files inside this as favorite too.
I would rate it higher i love the app but it says there are bots on my network and i cannot fix it
I would STRONGLY request the ability to change the text color in the iPad app like the desktop software.
I would suggest you to have at least 5 GB of space .
I would've lost hundreds of photos if it wasn't for this app!
I'd like this options when reading or editing too.
I'd rather find places and read reviews that others have posted.
I'll select a bunch of my photos to back up and the app will crash out and only upload a few and not all.
I'm a crafter so when I have time and feel inspired I get on here and browse.
I'm always looking forward to Angry Birds updates but this last one is awful.
I'm an Evernote premium user, but NEVER update my iOS on the first go round. 
I'm constantly using the other "Y" for foodie trips, but I can see that for International and tourist locations this app has more content.
I'm done with losing data.
I'm happy the old music is back and this wasn't an update for the stupid red mighty feathers.
I'm having issues with moving my files.
I'm loving the organization and ease Evernote brings to my life!
I'm planning a trip to Italy for myself and several friends and the information and reviews on trip advisor have been invaluable.
I'm trying to download minecraft pe maps but all it's says is cant view file
I'm using ipod 4th with ios 6.
I'm very disappointed that I can't open most excel files anymore!
I've been a big fan up to this point, but reds feathers is not in the same spirit, not fun.
I've been addicted forever, The only thing I would change is that over time, I want it more organized so I make another board.
I've been using Dropbox for quite sometime now, I have earned a fair amount of space, and I love being able to access all my files from my iPhone, iPad, MacBook, and the Internet via anyone else's computer.
I've gone back to using the TripAdvisor website through my browser.
I've had to go into the note and delete it word by word.
I've now ditched all of my task management systems and note systems in favor or this single system.
I've pushed and compared to other professional apps including Adobe.
I've seen hotels rated a 4 that in my opinion were really a 5.
I've tried Google Drive, Box, Skydrive, but none of them could upload a 20 minute video I took.
Icon is ugly
Ideas for everything This app is great for artistic projects and other creative tasks
Ideas for the house are organized too, including pictures from home and garden magazines.
If I know a note I am searching for is in a certain folder I should not have to search through search hits from all my other folders.
If nothing else, this gives me a good place to start my searches.
If only I could see my filled in fields of the Word forms on it it would be awesome.
If only I could text a pin or the link to friends that aren't pinners yet.
If only Penultimate would support zooming in, it would be awesome!
If they were going for the "New Coke" effect it worked.
If v select on t pic 10-15 tyms Thn Oly it works..
If we could create docs inside the app that would be great
If you are a multi-platform user this is a must have.
If you are having issues, contact support before blasting the app.
If you can get it to run (there are tricks) then you have to deal with the ridiculous interface - like scrolling to the bottom to see a square list that has a couple of notebooks listed, not all.
If you can't beat them, join them Great place to find interesting images and to lose a few hours a day
If you don't have this app, it's certainly worthwhile, but if you do take a careful look at the latest version before you upgrade.
If you have the patience to navigate through its, um, "quirks," then you can get to their good info.
If you need to store lots of information and then be able to retrieve it through a number of different tags, you'll love Evernote.
If you see a large "play" button in the middle of a screen, you would assume it starts the game, but no, it just brings you to another screen to try to sell more games.
If you stop numbering at, say, 5, when you start again, it's back to 1 again.
If you use a Mac then maybe no issues, but it was a bad purchase for this windows computer user.
If you're looking for a new challenge, I highly recommend this update.
Importing files into other apps is a major pain now.
Impressed by its versatility in terms of the type of note one can take.
In a previous version, if the user was looking at pictures and suspended the app it would leave it right where they were upon restarting the app.
In most levels, I have noticed that many balances do not follow the equilibrium laws of mechanics.
In my opinion, no other game (or collection of games) has even remotely come close to being as amazingly genius as Angry Birds....until the most recent update, that is!
In my opinion, the only thing it's missing is video handling.
In particular, the text entry is a BIG deal.
In the previous version you could scroll the map and see your desired categories update on screen.
In theory it's great but once a PDF is selected it can be impossible to close it.
In this new version I can finally edit notebooks on my phone.
Including ads in a popular and paid app like this?
Increase participants in a group increase participants in a group  Update it...
Indexing is very slow too, many of my pins take weeks to come up in search.
Informative!
Inspiration and ideas from around the globe.
Installation of new update is frozen and cannot exit the update!
Instead of just jotting down a note (which I can't always do) and referring to it later on once I've gotten home, logged onto a computer, & opened up a Word document, it's so much easier and convenient to do it on this app.
Interesting Not good enough but it can be improved
iOS 5.1
iOS 7 glitches.
iOS 7 seems to be incompatible.
iOS 7, iPhone 5.
iPhone like scrolling desired.
iPhone, Mac, kindle...
Ironically, they just made this game "free"... coincidence?
Is Dropbox design for iOS 7, but is still the same more or less.
Is easiest and most intuitive to use, syncs so easily to laptop.
Is the badest UI i have ever seen.
Is there a selection tool to edit and work with image parts?
It allows me to record daily notes that aid in medical evaluations.
It allows me to share individual photos but not entire folders!
It always loads quickly and runs great.
It always says Installing...
It automatically synchs with my iPhone and laptop.
It constantly reports failure to synch, it freezes momentarily between all actions, it crashes here and thee, and the search function sometimes fails to find key words.
It crashes and it won't keep your progress between other devices if you are not online.
It crashes as soon as  i get to load the level
It crashes when I click on a level
It does a poor job at retaining the starred items in memory.
It does not know where yo are at any more and does not provide location service.
It glitches out on me every time with "red mighty feathers" patch that please?????
IT HAS 69 TROJAN VIRUSES.
It has a vast amount of data, but be careful and glean from other sources to get information.
It has been a couple years and still VERY unfriendly to find your location again after initial search.
It has gradually become a cash-grab operation plagued with ads (in a paid app?
It has most of ur basics.
It has my favorite UI of all my most used apps.
It has so many great features.
It has some good photos of every thing when you find it it doesn't perform  well on my iPad it's slow and it hard find what information your looking for if I was to use to book a hotel it might be worth it
It has taken the risk out of sight unseen hotels and restaurants and led to many memorable stories.
It helps me a lot when I'm on the trip but one thing that makes me mad that when I click to see the photos.
It is a great game but all the versions I have keep crashing.
It is a great resource for searching and getting personnal feelings from visitors like us.
It is a great way to stay 'green' by storing documents rather than printing hard copies.
It is available on all platforms and syncs automatically.
It is awesome It all ways has new updates  like every month!!
It is challenging in the right way .
It is difficult to know how to start.
It is easy to use and quite intuitive in how it works.
It is extremely reliable, intuitive, and something I use many times a day.
It is fabulous to be able to record a meeting and take notes at the same time.
It is for everyone who like pics It is the perfect way to make some perfect pictures, it has much feathers, everything you need to edit pics, ===
It is fun to get help from the characters with special powers when I am really stuck.
It is helped me find restaurants in cities I've never been and great deals on flights and hotels.
It is helpful to read multiple opinions, one can generally wade through the static and determine what fits.
It is impossible to refine a hotel search for specific criteria beyond location, price and quality.
It is my most important work tool.
It is quick and easy and having it on both the iPad and iPhone makes it a snap to use.
It is quite annoying.
It is so fun to look at everything and pin your likes or needs to your own boards.
It is so helpful when traveling, and also helpful at home to see what other people are saying about my favorite restaurants.
It is taking lot of time or sometimes get failed.
It is the first place I check when heading to a new area for information on hotels, restaurants and activities.
It is very frustrating to be watching slow animations when I want to make a quick note.
It just keeps getting better and better I just loved all the postings and all that share.
It keeps going back to the home screen when it's on the loading screen :/
It lets me edit my pics anyway I want and share them easily!!
It makes your brain work more than the average nonsense game, it has attainable goals and overall it's just cute and fun.
It performs well and all my devices are always in sync, so my files and notes are always handy.
It really empowers me to write while on the go.
It remembers everything for me across platforms....!
It shortens it with ... On the old version I could click the file and then minimize the left bar and see the file name, but on this version I don't see any way to do that.
It starts uploading , the progress bar shows it going, then when radionics he'd, the progress bar just starts again and again going over and over
It sucks I was trying to do something so simple and I cant figure out anything.
It takes forever to upload photos, 2-3 weeks after I started the photos finally became viewable.
It took me twice as long to find my notes...
It was a little overwhelming to set up Evernote initially.
It was cool, until the last update where now I can't upload from my iPhone..
It was perfect before the last update.
It was so useful to chat and connecting with all frnds I really loves this wats up and i enjoy the days chatting with my frnds tks for thiz innovative idea hats off
It was working fine with no problems and now I can't even get the app to open!!
It will only work once and then if I open it again it will be nothing but a black screen.
It won't close, and there is nothing to get me back to a home page.
It would be nice to be able to enlarge the photos though.
It would be nice to change the name of the files.
It would be really nice if it gives us 10gb free space.
It would've great if there was a way to hide some of my notebooks with a password for secure data.
It'd be great if there was a way to see my "saves" sorted by distance as well as a way to mark them as seen.
It's a delight to use for recording ideas and notes.
It's a fantastic tool to get reviews on everything.
It's a great app especially for iphone users since they can't add storage to their phones but any time u send a email to a friend inviting them to get it they give you more memory
It's a great app for taking class notes on my tablet and still be able to access them via the internet.
It's a lot of clicking to do something as simple as review your notes.
It's a must do on any trip planning.
It's a really good cloud app, but what makes it stand out is the new .pdf viewer!
It's a third class app canot open I am very angry about this app Bore
It's a wonderful service and up until the iOS7 redesign the apps have always worked great.
It's allot of fun You can find all kinds of stuff without searching all over the internet!
It's almost impossible to find files within the app.
It's also impossible to send files as email attachments instead of sharing their links through the default Mail app.
It's also really nice for finding like minded people to follow who are all collecting things they also think are cool which gives a fresh feed of coolness tailored to me.
It's awesome However recently there is lapse to receive the message .
It's awesome to have exactly what I have pinned all organized, just for me!
It's been great and works on my iPad, iPhone and Mac.
It's capability and conveniences will make you wonder how you went without it (or how you used the Notes function so long)!
It's clunky and advertising too much.
It's easy-using.
It's extremely annoying to navigate through everything now too.
It's fun but I has changed over the years, the characters look differant
It's good and I like Red's feathers, but it keeps shutting off.
It's great and all but I have all my work and school work on google drive and I wish that it could sync with google drive cuz I love taken notes in this!
It's great but should put Apple TV support to view photos better in the Apple TV.
It's great for people that are on the go and can store almost anything and have it in the palm of their hand.
It's great how you can review an area and save the things you would like to do in that area for when you visit next.
It's great I like writing reviews and reading we're am gonna go next
It's great to be able to search for a resume or an crucial school document saved on my laptop from my phone.
It's great to have the ability to input URL, photos, audio, and text.
It's great to sync my travel plans, thoughts, whims across my devices.
It's jumbled, confusing and lots of advertising for their service add ons and "news" get in the way of core functionality.
It's just an ADDITION of levels to the original game with a twist, and it's NOT that bad.
It's like having a mini-assistant helping take notes!
It's more and more robust with each new edition.
It's new reminders feature has been amazing!
It's not being installed in Android 2.3 after finishing download it show that download unsuccessful.
It's not great for stuff in the U.S. but it's great for international advice, and it's an easier platform to post reviews than yelp.
It's not very common for an ap to go backwards with an update but Trip-advisor did.
It's on my iPhone, iPad and MacBook.
It's one thing to make the levels challenging but to make them near impossible with no real reward, well, that misses the point entirely.
It's quick, when i pin something it goes up immediately.
It's random garbage advertising a different game.
It's really good.
It's really great to use trip advisor for the information of hotels all around the globe..
It's really useful now it just needs a dragon dictate so I can quit copy and pasting lol useful app though =]
It's simple and easy to use.
It's so easy to work with ((:
It's super easy to copy pictures to clipboard or even save them to your phone, but why can't I download my videos?
It's suprisingly fun to slingshot birds and destroy things.
It's the best It's quick and easy to use and never let's me down and I don't have to spend credit while having a conversation!
It's the best way to organize documents and images in one place.
It's the most simple way to collect & organize interests, and new ideas.
It's too user friendly Using Picsart is fun!
It's very convenient also to use.
It's very convenient to use, however not being able to switch between accounts without un-linking the phone would be great.
It's very inconvenient to constantly have to make sure the app stays open to upload.
It's way too slow!!
It's worth the $0.99 because there's millions of levels!
Its a "must have" app for any traveler, just full of useful info, that also provides local commentary.
Its a bit slow!
its a good app but i think there should be daily reminders or just like the alarms that are already on the devices you can set the days ...
Its fine Plz add a symbol of salut .
its problem is about not being allowed ur last online status
Its really easy to use and I love all the little icons to choose from.
Its realy easy n so fst..after all it is d no.1 messenger on android It is very quick n low data..usage.on my smsng galaxy y
Its so fun to see what friends like and pin also.
Its still loading and it has been fir five days.
Jfk702 Great apps to share thought and pic...
Jus cant find how to remove text from a pic.
Just a bit slow.
Just a black screen with a gray bar at the bottom.
just as I was beginning to enjoy and appreciate the app, taking notes on a book I'm reading both textually and by taking pictures of passages, I accidentally touched the "plain text" format button.
Just discovered the nifty point me there feature.
Just for everyone to know if you install Evernote and your notes do not show up first you need to delete Evernote and reinstall and it will begin to sync again
Just installed update and it's unusable now because it crashes 100% of the time upon startup.
Just kidding it's awesome?buuuut...the new update is crap.
Just new to app..very useful tool for locating mini weekend getaways..
Just on iOS.
Just updated to version 3.1.0 & completely lost all progress.
Just wish it would STOP suggesting I share pins with my friends
Just wondering why, these 3 days there's "No internet connection" notification everytime I use the app, while I browse on Safari and playing games very smoothly, so I guess no problem with my internet connection.
Keep up the good work but camera upload has stopped working for me.
Keep uptading .. Love this app 5 stars from my side..
Keeps all your information in one place.
Keeps crashing Not only did it crash, it also wiped my whole phone.
keeps crashing every time I try to make an account
Keeps telling me to reset my password,because it is in safe mode,but will not send me the email to do so!
Keeps track of any and everything and just keeps getting better.
Last Update ios 7.0 is Disastrous!
Lately the sound stops after the screen locks.
Latest release: A brilliant kinetic puzzle game lobotomized into a nearly mindless click  to fire.
Latest update crashes on startup on my iPhone 4s.
Latest update so bad for the first time I don't even care to play!
Latest version seems to have stopped playing my videos.
Let me refresh my folder with a refresh button so that I can view changes to files in a more streamlined manner.
Let's you review on the go and keeps me busy at the airport!
Like that I get more feedback how is everyone experience.
Like the drop box service, but upgrading is too expensive.
Little than 30 seconds it had my account created and pictures uploading on there!
Locations on maps are incredibly inaccurate.
Logging out and logging back in didn't work.
Lol cool but it gets repetitive after a while
Look how much Rovio evolved.
Look, if we are going to have limits of what I can pin, then I am going to delete this app and my account.
Looking forward to more levels.
Looks almost like some sort of glitch.
Lots of USEFUL information and creative ideas!
Love Best photo editing app ever
Love being able to look up the specific areas I'm visiting and have LOCALS chiming in too!
Love how can I can put outlook emails in it.
Love how easy it is to find reviews on restaurants and hotels
Love it Good ideas and you can find whatever u need for any occasion
Love it Great app, but a lot of repeated items.
Love it I love how I can save recipes, clothing ideas, and work outs.
Love it I love, love, love being able to pin things on the run I love being able to access those pins on the run!
Love it Perfect and so easy to use
Love it This app is great I get most of my recipes fron it and loys of great decorating ideas for parties
Love it :D Fully like an online scrap board...
Love it OMG I just updated it its Heaven!!!!!!!
Love it...maybe too much App is easy to use and navigate.
Love pinterest Love it, only downside is the quality of the pictures are a lot lower on the app than the website when used on computers
Love Pinterest One of my favorite social media channels, and this app lets me have most of it's functions, but I've been getting lags and errors lately.
Love saving things to read later and finding so many crafty ideas!
Love that I can take picture notes and get a memory jog just by looking at the "post it".
Love that you can save your stops on a trip for easy reference.
Love the ability to post stuff as I do it.
Love the app Very easy to use no problems!
Love the change in italics and boxes to check off.
Love the connectivity.
Love the excellent and consistent multi-platform experience and sync.
Love the info, pics, and people Love it
Love the information and to read the reviews.
Love the interface.
Love the new interface.
Love the new UI.
Love the original Angry Birds...not whatever was just released with the new update!
Love the program BUT since you added the 'share this pin'  option I have been receiving spam that my friends did not send.
Love the regular website and the app makes it twice as easy to find all your travel info!
Love the reviews for helping me find places when I don't have a guide book with me
Love the search engine and the reviews (though I should read them before I go out more often).
Love the service but annotations on PDFs have disappeared from Dropbox since iOS 7 update.
Love the site and love the app I spend the most of my time online browsing through Pinterest
Love the smileys, available in watsapp.
Love the support for password protected MS Office docs, thanks!
Love the user reviews and pics
Love this app Lets you keep all things you find interesting in one place
Love this app This app is fantastic and very user friendly
Love this product.
Love those birds!
Love to Pin it!
Love trip advisor and use it often on the computer, but this app doesn't provide you with proper search options.
Love trip advisor on the big screen.
Love using this app to find fun foods and funny things to brighten up my day
Love you it synchs!
Love....... What else can you say, simply put this is a wonderful, awesome app filled with awesomeness!!
Loved it I loved it, but it took up way to much space.
Loved the service there.
Luv it Best free picture app out!
luv it simple and fast, but pls add more clip art and so sticker
Luv pinning!
Maihklass01 Nice & slow.
Major sync failure!
Make an angry birds G.I joe version
Make some Batman levels
Many filters, etc.
Many of the levels are very intense
Many times I didn't pay attention to a negative review because I thought they had some sort of personal problem and was sorry afterwards.
Map could use some upgrades.
Mark favorites at the folder,  2.
Marvelous Amazing effects....
Matters of Interest Simple to use.
Maximizing space to type in should be the goal, however, it doesn't feel like it.
Maybe I'm missing this but the only time you get full screen is when you start a new note.
Maybe the option of colored notes?
Maybe the underlying code base or architecture makes it difficult to create rich text with proper formatting.
Meh Okay would reccomened but a little slow
Might like it better if I actually knew how to optimize its use and they were helpful in making the info you need easily available.
Mind you it does keep freezing up.
Mine doesn't even work.
Miss the 'popular' section Definitely a pinterest addict.
Missing top 10 lists but overall great app
Mobile access to the forums is also great.
Moreover, I enjoy the website version as well.
Most of the time I just get the gray screen.
Much  impresive and high perfomance with generic android old version!
Much better place to store all those notes than your Gmail account.
Much easier to navigate.
Much improved navigation.
Multi platform support is flawless
Multiple attempts with no progress,  just same slow nothing.
Multiple Sign In's I have a personal Pinterest and one I use for my business, it would be nice to be able to easily go back and forth between accounts
Music player no longer works.
Music takes 15 seconds to load after you have selected a song ( doesn't matter if I'm on Verizon LTE or Wifi) also, it doesn't play the next song automatically instead you have to open the app, go back and pick the next song in the folder.
Must download Easy good
Must have bugs.
My favorite old feature was uploading a bunch of photos and videos from the day overnight or while using another app.
My favorite place to add and read reviews.
My files are accessible anytime, anyone, from any of my devices or another's.
My Forums page is now blank.
My husband has the Evernote pen an takes notes during his meetings.
My iPad works fine when I open Dropbox...
My kids love to challenge me for high score.
My last review was on the Space Eagle a very bad copy of the Awesome Mighty Eagle which is my latest review and an unlimited supply of them can be bought for 99c so it gets 5 stars but the Space Eagle should be the same.
My Mac OS X version is working fine, but the app does not upload my data until I soft reset the phone.
My only complaint is not being able to see your inbox  and reply to messages in the app.
My only complaint is that some stages can be exceedingly difficult but still one of the best iOS games available!
My phone crashed and when I reinstalled everything, I no longer had the Mighty Eagle which I had already purchased.
My uses are primarily for restaurants & attractions, paying attention to reviews written n recent months.
My videos aren't loading into my Dropbox.
Na Design needs a more straight forward menu to navigate features
Need add Hi plz could you try to make a smoke cuase i want to add some smoke to my picture to fake like im smoking .
Need more information on golf courses....will use it on every trip we take
Need response ASAP!!
Need to be able to set limited as to how  much space it uses on my phone.
Need to fix!
Need to have an option to select multiple documents (and/or folders) and forward them at the same time instead of opening each one individually!!!!!!
Need to improve functionality on this app.
Needs a cloud sync feature.
Needs call service.
Needs Update!
Never mind the endlessly infuriating new levels or the cacophonous new intro music that sounds like it was composed by someone trying to mock carnivals...how can Rovio calls this an update at all?
New auto-upload of photos and videos is a great & useful addition.
New design is strange to navigate, tag lookup is slow, unintuitive is a pretty good word for some of the changes.
New hotel price search is awesome too.
New interface is great
New levels are disappointing, and are really boring.
New levels are horrible...totally different game than angry birds in my opinion.
New update doesn't detail what's changed.
New update is terrible This app as 5* all the way until the update ... the crop feature is terrible now
New update is total FECES.
New update= NO The new update sucks it doesn't let you look at all the pins and is always shutting down I wish they would revert back to the old one.
New updates force close...
New version is a step in wrong direction.
New versions  add another icon making it difficult to see a high bird.
Newest version has menu problems.
Next problem, related to this is the "Near Me" function.
Next there needs to be a clear cache option.
nice great, since now groupchat supporting up to 30... however, when will voice-call via internet available?
Nice and Awesome I really love this app...its easy to use and yet the result is good..thanks for the cool app !
Nice app Does evrythng gud except tht red eye optn doesnt fnctn properly
Nice app Like dis app a lottt...  Bt v cnt share pdf files..plz think on dis
Nice app to find things you need when in an area you don't know.
Nice apps This is very nice app for those who really likes to edit photos
Nice design refresh.
Nice for travel!
Nice for viewing, but not so great for making updates.
Nice game but has anyone thought of Angry Birds Lord Of The Rings?
nice of chting with ppl ilike being on this ntwrk
Nice photo editor I can make everything i want on this editor, it depends on how creative you are, very useful.
Nice to have access to all of it.
Nice to used when you are looking for restaurants and or safe places to visits when I'm abroad.
Nice UI
Nice update!
No complaints...great Tripadvisor reviews all in an easy to use platform.
No crashes so far, not affecting my phone or ipad functionality.
No Galaxy Gear support Please create an app for Galaxy Gear.
No issues on the performance side with this app .. Like the UI and find it overall easy to navigate and handle .
No longer able to hide the file list, so you don't have full screen displayed like previous version.
No major disadvs found up to now but I would at least add other output formats (only PNG, JPG currently available).
No matter what I change no photos or videos will load.
No more crashing, fast slick uploading, proper non-buggy text entry, and proper functioning of folders!!
No new updates come on ever since angry birds Star Wars came there were no new updates wars next there going to make an angry birds ninja for them and roivio how's that for an idea or angry birds Greek gods choose so I can have fun with my iPod touch 4g just choose the ideas that I told u ok and stay cool plz I love u guys!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No notes showing up.
No Saved Trips that you personally put together to assist you when out & about with your mobile.
No storage issues with other apps... Galaxy S3
No sync issues.
Non-starred files occupied more than 600 MB and I have no way to reduce it...it eats out all my ipad space
None of the new flags added are working please work on that ASAP
Normally 5-star app but now it will not open
Not a huge fan of the update before last with the different gameplay style.
Not able to synchronise after a month of installing the program so unable to back up my info.
Not many will find a wifi and open their laptop.
Not only did they get links to download the files, but they could also view content right in their web browser.
Not showing or even suggesting located areas
Not so hard that it's discouraging but still a challenge when working on making the moves suggested in the all in one angry birds tips app( basically cheats) .
Not thrilled with the recent update.
Not to mention that announcements, which are essentially ads, now occupy the app's prime real estate.
Not working with iOS7.0.3
Note 2 Very good messanger.
Note sorting and text-friendly organization (i.e., lists) have been thrown out the window for a shiny interface and lots of icons and flashy graphics.
Note, some of my problems may be related with some incompatibility of iPad2 with iOS7.
Notes for parties in another.
Notes from the kids' school and organizations get photographed and organized in one notebook.
Notice how after a negative review is posted, it is invariably followed by several glowing reviews.
Now crashes on iPod touch since last update.
Now I can only use the  near by feaure ONLY when I'm actually there at the location.
Now I can read and work on documents no matter where I am.
Now I can read huge files on the iPad.
Now looks terrible.
Now my notes vanish randomly and I keep getting a sync error.
Now the app completely refreshes at start up, which gets annoying sometimes.
Now they completely changed the gameplay in the newest episode into the lamest thing ever.
Now they have a new mapping thing that you have to say if you want to use every pin.
Now using on my Nexus 5, still awesome!
Now when I select all notes, it opens to a specific note and freezes when I try to go back.
O sugest an puch notification in iphone  whem a file is added.
Obsessed I always see, read, and watch things that I think are cool and Pinterest is a good way to keep them in a place to access later.
Occasionally need to give it a minute but that is more a reflection of connection speeds out in the boonies.
Ohohoh shockwave blow my mind out!!
Ok Needs to have more filters but other than that works very good.
Ok app It is not updating since long .I have been trying very much.
Older versions of this app used to allow me to preview word, excel and pdf documents.
Omg..You can do so much on this app.. One of the best photo editor!
On design flaws: you can't create a new notebook in the app mode, the interface is quite rigid and doesn't flow like the rest if apples iOS, you can't add notebooks to the shortcut section (though you can delete them..), and so on.
On the newest version I can find no way to see th entire file name.
On the other hand I do like that I can view and share excel documents.
On the phone, even better.
On this last update why did u put spanish in there?
Once I get into webview, I'm unable to go back to Evernote.
Once I learned to use the notebook/multiple tag search I was very pleased with the new update.
Once the 15 min is up, I then switch to the downloaded file.
Once you find them on your phone, I believe you can "favorite" them.
One day, after using this program for months, I find that all of my previously accessible notes can only be accessed online unless I pay $50 for blackmail, I mean premium.
One feature they should add is being able to import multiple photos to camera roll, then it be better.
One flaw is the fact that its almost impossible to load mp3s or WAV files over data.
One is full screen mode.
One of my favourite if not the favourite social networking sites Use it every day to find and store lots of interesting and lovely things
One of the big reasons I looked at it is because I wanted to use bullets, numbers, outlining in my notes -- so I was SOOO happy to see those in the app.
One small issue I have is that when you ask what's near you, or when you use a filter, not everything shows up.
One suggestion: if I have automatic photo upload on and download a photo to my phone's camera roll (say, for #TBT), don't automatically re-upload it to Camera Imports!
One the ability to read long filenames.
Only complaint is being able to change the picture that represents your boards.
Only one issue, I cannot access my mp3, aiff, and WAV files.
Only one problem when using this app, please fix the bugs..
Only problem is icons on upper left of screen get in the way and hide the bird.
Only problem that it freezes and shuts down frequently.
Only showed sliding logo's
Only thing that would make it better if the updates came faster.
Opening some notes will cause app to crash :( please fix!
Or any other review website.
Or at least if they destroy the game they could of made it a game extra with no star ratings so the players who actually play the game wouldn't get offended.
Other than that one problem this is a great app also I like the fact that if you download a picture from the app onto the iPhone it doesn't auto upload the picture so you have 2 copies of the same photo in the auto upload folder.
Otherwise, good for the basics!
Our best friend abroad.
Out of all the things I have tried, Dropbox has been the fastest program to upload any file and can be accessed immediately anywhere even through their website.
Overall good maneuverability.
Payements Good but why can't it be free like skype?
PC, laptops , droid, tablet, two iPhones and one set of reference documents on all of them for myself and the wife.
PDFs, Word docs, and videos all were viewable in the browser for them.
People are complaining about the new update of Angry Birds.
Perfect I love this app, I have it on all my devices, and use it all the time for fun effects to make the perfect picture.
Perfect Vry gud app for editing..plz add some more interesting frame..:-)
Perfect boredom killer Plus great recipe filer/  project planner
Perfect objective measurement of travel options!
Perhaps the most-used app on my mobile devices.
Personal notes and passwords have been compromised by hackers once already.
Photos, Map and reviews are what we looked at the most.
Picsart An awesome and Helpful photo editor ?
Picsart Awesome photo editor....
PicsArt This is my favorite editing app!
pictures are not downloading and i am going to remove this app from my IPAD its worthless
Pinning, sending, editing, and making new boards- easy to use!
Pinterest Its an excellent and easy way to post what you're doing.
Pintrest is a magnificent app, because it is very helpful when I want to save websites, photos, and recipes!
Platform.
Please add landscape support for your fat-fingered users!
Please add more clip arts.
Please add some way to block pins from people I don't follow!
Please add support for animated GIFs!
Please add the ability to rename files, as well as the ability for gifs to play.
Please add the dotted path again.
Please bring back the old viewer, it was phenomenal.
Please bring back the trajectory line or at least make it to where you can turn it on or off.
Please change it to the older music or I'll delete it!
Please consider changing the background music.
PLEASE don't give me Star Wars Bad Piggies!
Please fix This app use to work great but now it wont open up to the effects.
Please fix so we can resize the column boundaries, as with many other apps.
Please fix the new color splash effect
Please fix this Idk it uninstalls in my phone automatically.... And I ha e to download it again n again.
Please fix this!
Please go back to levels like in the beginning.
Please go back to the formula that worked.
Please help on the new update every time I try and go on birds of a feather it keeps taking me out.
Please include the option to view thumbnail larger while viewing in the photo folder.
Please just increase the upload limit..... That will be very useful......
Please make it compatible for iPod 4th generation?????????????????????????
Please offer a different storage system for photos and video for power users.
Please please do not put a back "home" button at the top where people are used to hitting back.
Please redesign the app.
Please take this crap level off of the game and give us more regular Angry Bird levels.
Please update the iPad App version!!
Please update your app to support iOS 6 as well.
Plus I really don't like this new theme music.
Plus it seems like you've given up on releasing new levels for the other versions of Angry Birds.
Plus when I am looking at an area I want to see all that's around it not just the town.
Plus, can you add the function, like Twitter, to switch between accounts?
Plus, everything I asked to fix has been fixed, so thanks for listening to us and making your updates worth it!
Poor Its bullshit it works real slow and cuts u off in the middle of u doin it
Poor:(:( Need updates for Android!
Pop-ups go crazy on the iPhone 5!
Practical, easy to use, beautiful  design / user experience, use it multiple times per day.
Pressing "Upload Here" freezes the app and crashes it on the next open.
Previous review, After several months of daily use, and building about 1K pretty intensive notes, I was in the process to put a serious long-term commitment to EN- but I've had to seriously rethink this after the problems with the last upgrade.
Priceless!.
Problem with update Hey guys i cant update the app...it says you cannot install it either on the USB or the Phone storage...wat should i do?
PS - bad piggies sucked.
Purchase If you remove the purchase i will rate 5 stars
Push the button on the reviews and it is taking a coffee break.
Put some flexibility in the width of the display for those of us who use files with longer names.
Put the info on one device and you have it on all your devices!
Quick access to my most used notes and tags makes the app so much more quick.
Quit whining about how much you don't like the update.
Quite a new gameplay but should've been introduced as a separate game.
Quotes <3 The option to save is great.
Real life reviews are always better than sales pitch brochures and recommendations.
Real reviews.
Really creative Awesome ?
REALLY fun but some levels are near to impossible
Really good physics based game that's also kind of a puzzle game!
Really hate the new leaderboard.
Really need to know how far a restaurant is from my current location so that I don't hAve to take a cab from hotel or fight traffics.
Really time consuming..
Recent upgrade is causing the app to crash on iPad.
Recently the game would auto send me to other websites.
Red feathers flying around telling you what to hit-it doesn't even feel like Angry Birds anymore.
Refuses to sync
Reliable and handy.
Reliable reviews, location-aware.
Requiring iOS 7?
Retrieving it is simple by tags or searching.
Reviewers are generally truthful and steer you straight.
Reviews are great but Tilripadvisor reads them first.
Reviews are so helpful.
Reviews from veteran travelers and review writers are very helpful.
Revio you have become rediculas in your game antics you have ruined every one of your games with your adds lies and bad Decisions to screw us all with this taking our devices over with none stop texts to come play adds and now crap levels.
Robust editing on Mac, online allow workarounds.
Rovio almost lost it with the first horrible Reds Mighty Feathers update and the buy everything commercialization , but the second one an now Short Fuse they managed to bring back great game play and spice it up with new features.
Runs smoothly and gives you everything you expect from Pinterest.
Runs super smooth on my Galaxy III.
Same shots often yield different results.
Samsung galaxy note3 It's the best pic editor for...Android.....
Samsung Gt-i8262 Facing problem while attaching image, audio or video files.
Says to update, but won't!
Search doesn't work anymore After the update, the search function doesn't work.
Search doesn't work.
Search engine not complete.
Search file contents,  3.
Seeing the full names of those files is sort of important.
Seek the experiences and comments of those before you first then make your own conclusions.
Separate notebooks make keeping all pieces of a project together regardless of media.
Seriously needs a way to sort so folders are on top like normal.
Seriously, everything I want and need to do and all the ways I want to take notes--annotated and tagged images clippings, articles, news reports, etc--offered in a nicely bound package that helps keep organized.
Seriously...why did select all functionality no longer available on everything?!
Shame I can't view animated gif files though.
Shame on Evernote's QC group (if they even have one�)
Shameless plus here - works great combined with Ifttt to move post record things on calendar emails contacts via spreadsheet or special folders.
Sharing is easy.
she assured me picsart would be easy.... it did take me a while to figure it out (and even longer to find out I could see other pics too) but now I don't send or post pics without using it.
Should be able to mark entire folders as favorites so they will save to mobile device, not just each file individually.
Should get a 4.5 for that reason but it would be unfair to rate this a 4 b/c of those minor limitations.
Simple actions are painfully slow.
Simple to complex strategy and puzzle game.
Simple to use.
Simple, easy to use note taking app.
Simple, just what I needed to make transferring certain photos from phone to computer and vice versa simple.
Since I have thousands of files, some with long and descriptive names, it is impossible to find what I'm looking for unless I download the files to the iPad one by one.
Since I signed out of it, every time I launch AB it redirects me to the Game Center, demanding I sign back on.
Since new update 2.1 on Feb 15th, I get a splash screen followed by a crash.
Since te update, can't even play the new level.
Since the iOS 7 update the app is useless.
Since the new update Dropbox freezes and blanks when viewing files, never did it before with the old os.
Since the new update, I cannot now view my XLS files on iPad.
Since the new upgrade, copying or especially MOVING files inside the app is impossible.
Since the update, it won't backup to Dropbox.
Since they did a new update almost all my JPEG take too much time to open or even don't open.
Since updating to iOS7 and latest update of Evernote the spell check feature is not there any longer.
Site then froze when I needed to export.
sleek simple design.
Smart and up to date :)
So came back to Dropbox, always syncing smartly and reliably.
So easy even a cave man can  use it.
So easy to customize a photo the whole family enjoys it
So easy to use and simple to save to my own boards.
So easy to use!
So far, those who use and rate places are very fair and honest.
So helpful, easy to use app.
So I wait a long time for an MP3 to buffer, I "star" it so I won't have to wait next time.
so many commercials is making the  game slow to load and also makes it slow when playing.
So many things:  Automatic photo/video upload, iPhoto import, works with the Mailbox app, shared folders, photo aggregation on the website and mobile, the ability to store files only on the cloud (saves space on my Mac from old files)...  ...and the obvious things like having everything backed up in real-time, and accessibility of my files from anywhere.
So much useful information.
So simple to use.
So vast and so many creative ideas -
So, I wish I could play, but the game crashes when I try to open a level.
Some of the levels were tough to get three stars but that's due it challenging and fun.
Some of the new levels are tough though and can get a bit aggravating when you're so close to getting 3 stars but fall short for the 50th try in a row!
Some of the updates are annoying, but it's still great.
Some people use your free 2 GB plan, others pay for a lot of storage.
Some places that had menus on the old version are missing them on the new one.
Some simple suggestions to increase usability:  1.
Some things I'd really like to see are the albums I created on Dropbox.com.
Sometime in the last month Dropbox stopped syncing.
Sometimes editing notes is slow, that's why I give 4 stars.
Sometimes gets really hard though.
Sometimes I listened to mp3 files I have on Dropbox.
Sometimes it just doesn't open.
Sometimes it opens up but then while going back and forth between notes or notebooks it simply gets stuck and doesn't respond to any finger taps or actions.
Sometimes it spools but not very often.
Sometimes not all notes are available when not on wireless network.
Sometimes whenever I play Angry Birds, I can't stand with losing cause it can be hard sometimes cause the green pigs can be hard to get.
Songs .. group chat ... great aap .. works perfectly ..
Sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Nice supper photo editing wow.......
Spent many hours successfully transporting pictures.
Star Wars & A.G. Space because this just cuts the b**ls off everything that made the game a global phenom.
Starts without letting you minimize, then wont  let you position the bird until several seconds have passed.
Still can't triforce.
Still enjoy the black exploding birds - the finality they offer.
Still freezing and quitting in iOS7.
Still good game and I also like the cartoons.
Still landscape only.
Still learning how to use the app.
Still like the game, the pop up adds, not so much.
Still no ability to change file names - a very basic function.
Still no gallery in Camera Upload mode !
Still no long file name support on iPad, why?
Still some work to do to allow additional font sizes and such for items created on iPhone.
Still wont let me open the app!
Stupid little piggies!
Sub-folders/notebook.
Such a huge diversity of focus areas like restaurants, hotels, and attractions along with a huge user base which increases the value of the app exponentially.
Such as Sync Now and Search.
Suddenly I am off and running, saving and accessing info on everything from learning disabilities to salad dressings.
Suggest graded levels of subscription
Sumtime hate it catch myself editing ever picture just because its so awesome an so much diff stuff to try ... !
Super Very very Nice to oparate
Super easy to add notes still.
Super easy to use.
Super simple layout and easy to use on mobile device.
Super useful From the fashion to the DIY anything you might need want to try is on here super super useful
Support will ignore you.
Sure, I understand he was watching toons.
Sure, it takes some work on your part to sort it all out but you have to get it in one place first.
Sweeeet The best picture editor I have got
Switched to a Samsung Galaxy Note 2 after an iPhone and noticed the option to switch off timestamps is unavailable on Samsung devices.
Syncs great with desktop.
Syncs perfectly.
Syncs well and wonderful for projects at work and home.
Syncs with iPhone, iPad and Mac immediately so you always have access to what you need wherever you are.
Tags, location, etc.
Takes a long time to master each game.
Takes forever to apply effects very slow
Takes forever to load, and search and filter options either partially or entirely fail.
Thank's for app,but can you add offline mod?for exmple i want save one video in my iphone,and after that play it with VLC
Thanks for completely screwing up my workday while I search for a note-taking app which won't pull the rug out from under me.
Thanks to all who take the time to provide reviews.
That is not the case with Trip Advisor- it works just like the website.
That moment I figured out I could transfer photos from my iPhone to laptop faster via dropbox than plugging my phone into the USB port.
That's the only reason I gave it four stars instead of five.
The "mighty reds feather" levels just seem pointless.
The ability to access and take notes on my computer, phone or tablet is incredibly convenient.
The ability to pick up and retry gives the game yet another 5 stars.
The ability to search notes and PDFs makes old-fashioned pen and paper obsolete.
The ability to sort and organize by color would be wonderful.
The ad for the electrified bomb bird randomly appears and causes me to use one.
The all notebooks search works fine, as does the tag search breakdown.
The app could be easier to use but it has become an essential when traveling.
The app drains your battery cause it uses your gps all the time.
The app has an incomprehensible and un-modifyable sorting function.
The app has been unbelievably buggy since the last update.
The app in iPhone needs important issue "share via email"
The app keeps crashing on my iPod 4th gen ever since the new update.
The app makes finding hotels with reviews a breeze.
The app needs to be fixed random crashes and glitchy performance.
The app on my iPad makes it easy for on-the-go reviews.
The app present good features, but there is a lot of bugs and missing some hotkeys to make the writing easier.
The app used to work great, but now it keeps freezing and I can't get into my  notes.
The app was awesome until the latest update.
The app will not update and is stuck about 3/4 of the way done.
The apps is great, the only thing I run into is that it won't always save my voice records.
The automatic upload feature is ridiculous as there is no intuitive or easy way to stop it.
The best Messenger app ever
The best travel site for planning your stay.
The camera upload on this app is really glitchy and it's not letting me put any of my pictures on it.
The camera upload still works but that's about it.
The card view is still there, you just have to (gasp) look for a sec.
The characters are clever and I love how simple and intuitive the gameplay is.
The characters are clever, I love the title music, and the storyline is original and creative.
The complaints about syncing issues with the iOS 7 update are spot on.
The constant interruptions and harassment's to buy something took the fun out of the game.
The content is useful and the new design is nice but still feels slow and unresponsive compared to other travel iOS apps.
The convenience of saving web info, documents from airline itineraries to e-tickets to office documents to photos, etc.
The cross-platform access to your notes on the cloud is brilliant and a HUGE time saver!
The current version doesn't show all files in dropbox.
The deal breaker is you can't check in on a location.
The design seems flat for the sake of flatness.
The Done button is not working.
The drawback that I've encountered is though it offers labels it doesn't offer folders.
THE EXPORT FEATURE IS GREAT... All I have to do is put a video from my computer on the Dropbox then download it to my phone .....
The export feature only works on certain videos....
The fact it works on pc platforms is a real bonus!
The fact that you can search within folders is extremely useful, and makes accessing files on the go far more convenient.
The fact that you get all the info you need for your trip is the most important thing when traveling
The file folder UI can be clunky but under the covers this app delivers.
The fx, editing, collage.... Everything is just so handy.
The game crashed and deleted all my progress.
The game is fun and all but the the pop ups are awful and it notes me about cartoons!
The game play is nothing like what AB is about.
The gameplay is too linear and really lacks the destructive freedom that brought me to love Angry Birds in the first place.
The GPS feature is a bit off.
The graphics are adorable.
The highlighting of words works but the menu that pops up to copy, cut, paste etc.. Won't stay open long enough to be used
The idea of a seamlessly connected world brought to life.
The info from the site and the reviewers is insightful and very helpful.
The instant syncing between computer and phone is fantastic!
The integration with Penultimate is pleasing for those who still wish to "write" rather than type.
The interface is easy and I've never experienced a problem with the app and I review a lot!
The inverted colors of the icon induce retinal after images, and in-app, the whiteout is hard on the eyes.
The iOS version is a bit buggy but that may be all iOS 7's fault.
The latest revision (as of 10 January 2013) loops endlessly when trying to upload a 411KB file.
The latest update is new but classic!
The latest update is smoother and better looking.
The latest update makes your app slick and quick.
The latest updates are really frustrating me.
The latest version is clunky and buggy.
The latest version of Angry Birds forces me to use the Game Center.
The layout is very clean but it fails to load editing settings or feedback components.
The main issue I have with this app is that there isn't a "keep me logged in" feature.
The map view does not work and the "near me" function dissapered.
The most amazing app, for sure the most used on my iPad, however I liked some features of the older version, please bring back the option to make Paragraph headers and subsections.
The most recent files on my phone are all 1 month old yet there are many more current files that I have loaded in Dropbox desktop folder for syncing.
The new (complete rewrite) version is a disappointment.
The new design fits in well with iOS7, but it would be better if there was an option to rename files and folders.
The new features makes the game more fun.
The new graphics are great.
The new interface is a very big disappointment.
The new interface seems to have buried things I want most.
The new level of Angry Birds featuring Bad Piggies is simply awful, the interface is not responsive to touch & it takes away the intellectual application of physics & strategy that makes Angry Birds unique in phone/tablet gaming.
The new levels are great but they're kinda hard.
The new levels are just plane stupid.
The new levels are not fun.
The new levels are pretty bad.
The new levels are really terrible.
The new PDF reader is AWESOME!
The new UI for viewing photos and video needs improvement to return to the way it was.
The new UI is awesome
The new UI will take some getting used to but feels cleaner and faster than before.
The new update combines all the not-fun of Bad Piggies with illogical, frustrating gameplay and the ruination of everything that made the game fun.
The new update has ruined most of this game,the levels,the new theme song is horrible and remember on worlds like danger above,poached eggs and the mighty hoax,I liked it when it shows the time of day,replace reds mighty feather with an artic/tundra/glacier world
The new update is amazing from a content perspective.
The new update is horrible.
The new update is just horrible.
The new update loads slower, closes out on me when i press BACK from viewing photos, this update has glitches I don't like the search method and I wish you guys would make it easier to find RESORTS/ hotels similar to the ones you previously looked at like if I viewed a few months  ago a 5 star resort with a lazy river it show me similar resorts, I would like to stay at in another place (state,country...)
The new update released last week is terrible.
the new update, the fifteen levels are truly amazing!
The new ver.7 won't sync with my account.
The new version is more difficult to use, not attractive, and the Evernote ads are really bad (I'm a premium member).
The new version is not good.
The new version of Evernote is okay.
The notes, bullet points, spacing, numbering all fail when i transfer to Word and other systems.
The only piece missing in this is, when we go to the folder where we want to save the file it does not show a preview of the content if the folder.
The only problem I've had is that if i turn my phone sideways, the screen gets messed up and i have to exit out of the app....please fix!
The only reason 4 stars instead of 5 - lack of 3-4 editing choices when entering text on my Iphone (features available in other apps,   i.e.
The only reason I don't give the app 5 stars is because the new interface is absolutely ugly.
The only thing I can think of to make it better would be the ability to display long file names, I use it as a repository for ebooks any many times have to download 3 or 4 books to find the correct one in a series.
The only thing I long for is collaboration on notes.
The only thing it's missing is being able to change the cover photos on the boards.
The only thing that I wish it had is a date driven "to-do" or reminder.
The only thing to make it better is to have the ability or export videos to your camara roll
The option to download is grayed out.
The organization makes different notebooks inaccessible; I liked when I could slide tabs of folders and I'd love to be able to customize the tabs.
The people I follow page isn't working properly, the images disappear and nothing happens when it's refreshed!
The pigs in vehicles didn't thrill me in the Bad Piggies game and don't here.
The plus side: there are tons of levels.
The real photos are very helpfull !
The reason I really like this app is that real people like me actually use the app and write the review.
The reason is because I start downloading the whole file, then start streaming it.
The recent update/upgrade has resulted in an app that's very slow, often freezing up and generally a pain to use.
The redesign is interesting.
The restaurant reviews are invaluable in navigating the options available in the area.
The reviews and forums are great trip tools.
The reviews are usually up to date so I can trust the opinions to be accurate of the information i need now.
The reviews are very valuable.
The Reviews help alot!
The search function isn't working and I have to sign in every time I open it.
The searches have also become less efficient and clunky in all iPad & Mac desktop versions.
The service is great, but the app fails.
The settings say its off yet it continues to upload.
The shockwave stuff just makes the game more annoying to play.
The star rating thing today is plain boring I would like to see the star rating music again
The sync process between my phone and computer can be cumbersome.
The synching ability among so many platforms was great.
The syncing is great.
The text formatting makes it virtually impossible to create a note with any form of rich text, bullets, numbered lists, indentation, etc.
The trip advisor app is very easy to navigate and contains a wealth of information at your fingertips.
The trip advisor app was EXTREMELY useful for our honeymoon in Puerto Rico!
The TripAdvisor App is a shorter and better way to look up something instead of going onto their website and wasting more time!
The typing could be faster but Still great app.
The update is fantastic!
The update is great and the retina display is a welcomed addition.
The update is otherwise good -- not great.
The update isn't working
The user content is generally well done, but often the extremes can pull it one way or another.
The user interface is hard to read and is now just a cluttered mess...
The video I'm trying to upload is taking very long
The way it travels seamlessly between my devices allows me to jot down the vaguest impression of a thought and expand on it later.
The way it updates it self is great!
Their generous monthly allotment of new storage space is incredible!
Then discovered all the related features which included rich info on local eateries and things to see and do.
Then on the board food you could have a sub board for dessert.
Then the uncontrollable birds came..
Then they add stupid power ups.
Then they add the stupid cartoon thing.
Then you have to go back to search, and zoom in from a global view.
There are no links to see websites of hotels, restaurants, activities, etc...
There are so many pop up ads that you can hardly play the game.
There are so many varieties of options to go through on this site.
There are still tower defense levels on my phone.
There is always room for improvement but this app has replaced no less than 3 other apps, and now with reminders it is my go-to application for pretty much anything task or project related.
There is no font control, editing is random and buggy, slow as molasses, and unreliable-- when you take time to write a paragraph, you want 100% confidence EverNote will not crash midway, or you get Synchronization Fail and thus lose your work.
THERE IS NO RYTHME OR REASON TO THIS UPDATE!!!!
There is no sense of accomplishment for completing a level.
There is no way to navigate Camera Uploads with any amount of speed and efficiency.
There is no way to resize the file list to make more of the files visible.
There isn't any other drawing software as complete and professional as this one for a cell phone or tablet.
There seems to be a bug in the search function for notebooks, when you do a search in a specific notebook.
There used to be a format option/tab above the keyboard in the earlier version.
There was nothing wrong with the old version, and this new one eliminates one of the apps most useful features: previously your saved restaurants, hotels, etc, were automatically sorted by location, now all of them are shown at once which is really confusing.
There's no skill involved.
There's so much to dislike about this craptastic abomination that I'm not even going to try.
These new levels are insane, they need improvements so that we can actually aim at other stuff instead of just the pig, it's rigged
They all sync.
They are listed under the wrong name (usually by the one that is actually above it.
They are very boring and require little strategy.
They completely resigned the app for iOS 7.
They did however manage to maintain the notebook names...unfortunately all of the notes within those notebooks were erased.
They had a great interface in the previous version, but they have seen fit to "simplify" it to the point of uselessness.
They have a lot of room ideas for my girls.
They have some silly new process to sell post it notes.
They need to release this app on more platforms like newer Windows Phone 8 like Lumia 1020 and then it will be true 5 stars.
They need to show B&B , small inns .
They review photos too.
They should make a minecraft angry birds
Third "upgrade" in two days.
This app brings the usefulness of the iPhone program to the iPad.
This app crashes each and every time I try to open it on my iPad 3rd gen.
This app has been very helpful on my honeymoon search.
This app is grate for planning va-kays and activities and restaurants awesome
This app is great but the only thing I don't like is that that it freezes a lot and doesn't load all of my pictures
This app is like Photoshop CS5 or CS6 but for for your phone.
This app is pretty good, but it could use the info like Overview, Weather & When to go info, etc.
This app is really useful for having access to documents while I'm out.
This app keeps crashing as its loading my document.
This app makeup so easy to take great notes and I really like being able to record audio of someone speaking wile I'm typing notes!
This app needs added features too.
This app never installed correctly, I don't see the icon.
This app not only looks great, but also provides excellent functionality.
This app was AWSOME the first day all the other days after that it wouldn't open I would use this so much if it worked.
This app will connect peoples.
This app will not down load or let me remove it.
This challenging app took me about 2 hours to complete 3 stars for each level for the first 21 levels in Poached Eggs.
This charge was not authorized.
This game has an excellent replay value.
This game has tons of levels, action, and it keeps updating.
This game is awesome especially how it is free and all the new features they have added are very good.
This game is number one for a reason!!!
This has let me collect my notes from my Palm, Blackberry, iPhone, PC...wherever, and put them in one place.
This has made taking notes both fun and easy.
This iPad app just sits there and thinks a lot.
This is a fantastic desktop & laptop tool but with no search or text file editing/creation on the iPhone, it is almost useless on that platform.
This is a great app for organizing notes, recipes, etc across devices.
This is a great application with accurate information and advise.
This is a must have App as you can set it to sync all your pictures and once you take one they are saved in the cloud and also accessible by any other device you have Dropbox installed on and are signed into!
This is a must have game for your iPhone, iPod, or smartphone.
This is a useful app for the frequent traveler
This is a very good and reliable resource.
This is a wonderful app that enables users to write about whatever they need in a variety of ways on a variety of devices.
This is an overall great update and had made more quickness and also just a smoother running app , tripadvisor itself is the best app to find a restaurant or hotel that suits your needs , love the consistent users and current up to date reviews only draw is the distance filter is no longer there so it sets 50 mi radius bit far when u want to go 20 or less but besides that amazing!
This is annoying even though that i like all the games but if it keeps telling me its installing and it is not thats unacceptable.
This is beautifully designed but useless if it just keeps crashing :(
This is crashing every time I attempt to open something saved.
This is d best app ever but can anyone tell me how to turn off ur last seen ?
This is manipulative and I didn't pay for this game to get a  feature that keeps bugging me to spend money.
This is still worth the 99 cents - only for the original levels....
This is the best app ever Many selections...just the best out there nd its FREE!
This is the best app with the most reviews.
This is the best business productivity tool.
This latest update did nothing to stop crashes.
This level hugs nuts!!!
this move is apparently irreversible and I can no longer see the photos I took of passages from the book I have read, which I was planning to quote/cite later.
This new episode is just stupid!
This new layout is awesome.
This new release with eggs, "bad piggies" vehicles and new 3 star philosophy has Ruined the app.
This new Rovio ID function causes the game to crash constantly.
This new update is pretty annoying, too many pop-us(what you wouldn't except from a paid app.
this new update won't let me open the app anymore ????
This service, and this app, would be great if the app didn't crash when reading PDFs.
This update is plain bad.
This update is terrible.
This update keeps shutting my entire phone down.
This update negates the usefulness of the previous app.
This update stinks every ones companies there is no sound!
This update would be a step up if you could actually see PDF's with it....
This used to be my favorite app but now when i try to search something nothing related to my search comes up.
This used to be my favorite app, but now that I can no longer open Excel files it's useless to me.
This version no longer does that.
This version still has a marketplace  full of ads I can't hide, and the image attachment only shows me pics from September and earlier..
Those piggy's have to die
Throw birds at buildings to kill pigs.. Nintendo has better games for casual gamers.
Time lapse can easyliy be capture with this awesome app i actually dont use this app to edit pics but only to capture full resolution pics which can further be used to make a timelapse.....:D :D :D I am damn happy with this app !
To play one it takes you to an internet browser, then to youtube.
To upload it says i need to put it in dropbox but it wont let me share it with survival craft again what do i do
Too fast to good excellent.. Apps
Totally different game.
Tried again, same result (iPad 2).
Tried the first couple levels of the new update and its horrible.
Tried to save it.
Trip advisor is an awesome tool to share with others experiences that you've had to allow others to see how a hotel, attraction, etc...is before they make their choice.
TripAdvisor = Five Stars!
TripAdvisor has apparently decided it is not important for people to use the map to do searches for hotels anymore.
Tripadvisor is a great app/website that provides excellent,common sense, critical information for the traveller no matter where you go.
TripAdvisor let's us know how we are doing through our clients candid comments.
True you can ask to see your saved hotels in say only Chicago, but if you then want to look for your saved restaurants in Chicago, you have to do a second sort.
Try bringing in different animals to shoot the pigs or something, stop brining in more power ups etc
Try to up sell you but give few instructions or you can BUY A BOOK.
Trying to automate it would be good if it worked, but it doesn't.
Trying to sign in & write review.
Turn off camera upload in settings or click cancel instead of enable during initial setup.
Type in a name and not one board nor pin of the person or the thing appears.
Ubiquitous.
Ugh It force closes after about 45 seconds of browsing.
Ugly app and icon.
Ugly redesign, poor UX.
Ugly, not user friendly, takes more effort to navigate.
Unable to login.
Unable to save forum posts that are the most useful suggestions when out on a trip.
Unfortunate I love this app but I keep having trouble updating.
Unfortunately, Red's Mighty Feather is not fun at all.
UPDATE 2/21/13 New Update: Same problem  Installed update and froze up.
Update has bad UI and doesn't support all the 3GS iPhones that are still on contracts.
Update I'm using a Samsung galaxy S4 now and pinterest is still great.
Update with reminders makes it that much better.
Update, EN performance has improved considerably (from 2 to 3 stars) since my last review, however the app remains pretty buggy.
Update, I just deleted because it always tries to log you into Game Center.
Update: I really do not like the new tab-based interface.
Updated and lost all my notes.
Updated in real time.
Updated to the latest version and...now all my Microsoft word documents won't open in the app, so I can't view anything.
Updated: I see the suggestion is to delete and reinstall--HOW ARE YOU SUPPOSED TO DELETE WHAT ISN'T ON THE PHONE, despite the fact that the App Store says to open the app, but will NOT open when you press the button?
Updates not so good.. Agree with others who commented about "sub boards", definitely would be great for holidays.
Uploads and searches are fine
Us this in every city for finding new resturants Most picks are great!
Usability has been thrown out the door.
Use it frequently to find local restaurants and tourist traps.
use it on the go but also to store travel info to easily access.
Use it on-the-go to look up restaurants and use it to research all our trips.
Use to be good until I cannot open any office documents.
Used to be a fun game, but the latest updates are so difficult that you will either get three stars or nothing.
Used to be a good application with ability to search cities you haven't yet reached and filter by rating as well as proximity; however those features have been replaced with functionality focused on marketing hotels.
Used to be a good game, now since upgrade it locks up every time I try to play.
Used to be an avid Angry Birds fan but this update is not worth playing.
Used to be great Now I cannot see anything from the people or boards I'm following.
Used to be my favorite game until they decided to throw in Ads everywhere they can, even after I bought the game... Now I just get annoyed and frustrated and won't play it as much
Used to be my most used app, but now it's a pain to find hotels when searching a geographical location.
Used to find lodge in Amazonia, judge restaurant options in London ...
Used to think it was acceptable at least, but after losing my notes a few days ago I cant give this app a good rating.
Useful Awesome application and useful.
Useful Awesome way to discover  new stuffs
Useful, improved Happy with the progress on this app but there are many updates that seem to make no change.
User-friendly and chock full of good info.
Using it to read up on the places we will be going both before we booked for the reviews, and after booking for tips and tricks.
Version 3.0 auto updated today and now my photos won't upload.
very addictive, a little slow though!
Very convenient for moving files without connecting to a computer!
Very convenient, useful info and easy to use.
Very different gameplay.
Very disconcerting on a 4th gen device.
Very easy to find how to get to your destination.
Very easy to navigate and easy to use.
Very easy to use and very helpful So cool
Very easy to use on any device or OS
Very Enjoyable!!
Very entertaining and educational.
Very good Easy and very helpful
Very good It is only showing chek stesus
Very good app I wish it can work with two number in same phone or work with dual sim card for both number when it will be Work for dual sim card mobile plz.
Very handy, access notes from anywhere.
Very helpful and informative for both stateside and overseas.
Very helpful great to have it but why some review they are not publish in here, I wrote negative regarding, Best Westen hotel in Myrtle Beach, they dont want to publish.
Very helpful to find good restaurants and hotels
Very nice app for check restaurant hotel and more, very attentive !!!
Very reliable and provided us with much needed information.
Very slow to no response to photo paging requests, lack of hotel search facility for a given city and incomplete searches for hotels.
Very slow uploading, and poor background uploading :( does it really need 3h to upload several megabyte video over 10 Mbit internet ?
Very useful when on the road to find the best places.
Very useful.
Very user friendly and easy to navigate.
Very user friendly.
Video playback sucks This is a wonderful app minus the videos.
View reviews I've written.
Wait 1 month then read reviews before risking an update.
Waited for this update, then we get this?
Waiting for iCloud saving...
Wanted to use flight filters, but it wasn't applying them.
Was good until the cent updates.
Was nice , won't open since update
watsapp nice and easy
Way too much white space which is hard on the eyes.
We have found some really good places to eat that we would not have known about.
We have the technology to RESUME A DOWNLOAD what's the problem here?
We need a way to display our photos once we have stored them; right now it is a giant useless folder.
We only went to restaurants rated by TA.
We should be able to do text documents!
We use the recommendations regularly to find restaurants during our travels.
We use Tripadvisor to help plan all of our trips!
Well done Best ever photo editor, ever!!!!
Well organized, easy to use, and doesn't shove buying the upgrade in your face.
Well organized, easy to use.
Well this annoying million dollar mobile game does not provide challenging mind games but people buy this game all the time sigh.......
Well worth the price.
Well, couldn't ask for more... but you, please, don't stop introducing more updates...
Well, it opened when I first installed it.
Well, one of these updates inserted adverts into the game.
What a great aop
What a terrible update.
What an amazing app So many ideas, and inspirations, love it ;)
what happened to the music?
What I DON'T like is that ridiculous Game Center garbage.
What I don't like is the time it takes to download pics and that in order to download I have to always be connected to the Internet, this keeps the pics from downloading some times when I am away from wifi.
What is the point of a beautiful interface if it is not smooth.
What's the point of the app if I cannot share my folders?!
What's up with having to retype search criteria after I hit back?
What's up with the searching?
Whatever feature I think ought to be included eventually gets included: hi-lighting, sorting options, converting to plain text AND simplified HTML, ...
Whatsapp It take much time to download..
When I edit my boards it takes too long to move one pin at a time.
When I go to the 1st level, it crashes.
When I launch the app, all I have is a black screen with a gray bar underneath.
When I open it crashes my iPad
When I open it I hate having to wait so long on the green elephant screen!
When I put things into my dropbox folder on my desktop, I can find files by date modified, by name, etc.
When I start the App the  dialog box ' app wants your location' appears in an endless loop
When I'm trying to type, the keyboard will often cover where I'm trying to type.
When importing things and putting it inside a folder the order is not how I want it.
When it was just the Mighty Eagle for sale.
When left running in the background on some modes, I think it keeps location services on which seems to be draining my battery faster than usual.
When placing the cursor over text when the keyboard is open makes the text jump every where but where you want the cursor to be.
When play the first level it crashes!!!!
When the program did finally acknowledge me, the check marks would be delayed by about 2 seconds each as if it had to stop and sync between every gesture.
When these unbalanced blocks are interacted with, they, too, do not behave like they should.
When you have them upload they save as a photo not a gif so they don't work would like this fixed
When you put them all together, the desktop, web and mobile apps are an impressive solution for just about any productivity challenge.
When you search for something and they don't have it in their database the only option you have is to add the place or completely close out and get back in it to go back to the search bar.
When you select an attraction and click around to read reviews and view pictures and then go back to the full like it defaults back to the beginning of the list and you have to hit "next page" a several times to find the place you left off.
When you update this app, installing sequence is frozen.
Whenever I click a level on my iPod touch, it crashes automatically.
Whenever I try to play the new levels, the app just crashes.
Where are my reviews?
Where is all my stuff?
Where's the last level?
Wherever you go, whatever you do it's good to have it with you!
Whether it is a document or a picture it can be captured ether by email or snapping a photo and you then have it forever.
Which means what I edit its not the same picture that I save.
Which there was a way to multi check pins When editing  (deleting or moving to another board) rather than having to do it one at a time.
While I like the gist of the concept, the levels get harder with the moving target and set you up at an unfair advantage.
While the preview pane is still there the app just tells me the file name and size and does NOT display the content...
While there are many ways to remotely store files, Dropbox is the best one due to it's vast number of ways to access your files.
While Word doc files open fine in Dropbox on my PC and on my iPad (I haven't upgraded my iPad Dropbox app in a while and haven't upgraded my iPad to iOS 7), these files no longer open on my iPhone after upgrading to iOS 7 and updating my iPhone dropbox app.
White white white!
Who are you to say that I need to change my password!
Who needs a star rating for a McDonalds, Burger King, etc.?
Whoever created the newest levels should be reevaluated because they are absolute garbage
Why can't I sign into separate Drop Box accounts?
Why did you drop support for earlier IOSs?
Why did you remove open in option for music files?
Why do we have to pay so much money to get access?
Why does the facebook login require your life story.
Why is Dropbox using my location, even after I have just turned the phone on and haven't even opened the app??
Why is it compulsory to update it?
Why is it that the navigation bar is suddenly two different colors now that I've downloaded iOS 7?
Why run at startup??
Will not open since update.
Will watch for patches and post an updated review.
Wish I could do handwriting on it.
Wish I could rename files.
Wish it would still show in vertical mode.
Wish maps (locations of newer hotels were updated more).
Wish more levels?
Wish there was a way to save some of the photos though..
Wish there were some animated smileys too.
Wished for a better gps function
With many people on it, it's great to find local places to eat & visit while you are away.
With many stickers... Stay connected with ur frndz
With the latest update I can't open word documents.
With the latest update you can no longer download ePub files to iBooks.
With their new and improved look they also did away with everything you ever had saved.
With three full time students in the house the affordable upgrade holds docs, data, music and more!
Won't let me view my excel spread sheets from my iPhone.
Wonderful but Could be better if all tools built-in and not depending upon the network connection
Wonderful for exploring new places and your own backyard
Worked great with Dolphin, until the last update.
Works Excellent I love it
Works great on my iPhone 4 it's helped me find the best eating places , things to do , & stay .
Works in conjunction wirh Google Drive, File Manager, Documents....
Works really smoothly and makes creating and retrieving notes easy.
Works well, especially for saving files for offline use.
Worst... Atleast reply and help...
Worst... since four days trying to register.. everytime they cut balnce for verification.. them send voice verification nd then fails that also ... crap .. negative star
Would be fantastic if you could freehand and if the compatibility with wireless keyboards was more efficient.
Would be great if age of property and renovation dates were included for hotels, too.
Would be lost without the helpful reviews when deciding on hotels, restaurants and motor coach resorts.
Would be nice if you could skip to the oldest/ newest Pics without scrolling thru each one.
Would be nice to have a grid view of photos other than just the auto upload of camera roll.
Would be nice to save my mobi files.
Would like to see a feature of putting Due Dates on some notes, so it becomes a task list too.
Would like to see complete parity (on formatting and some other features) between desktop and iPad versions, but it's getting really close.
Would love to see option to color code notes for us visual organizers.
Would love to see the ability to set alarms and send reminders.
Wow it's now free!
Wrong minimum iOS!
Wrote important document.
Wtf I just did the update and the dang thing won't give me accurate search results.
Yer game is retarted I fing hate the reds mighty feathers those pigs deserve the egg because they can come up with something better than a gay slingshot
Yes, this new update really did do a beating to the game, but still, all of the other original levels are there......
You are able to access your materials on all of your devices & share with others either for the purpose of collaboration or simply dispersing information.
You can a) select multiple files and b) download files from Dropbox to your phone, but you cannot do both at once.
You can add pictures and audio to your notes, and I think you should be able to add videos, too.
You can change a poor photography into a excellent one....
You can close the window, but it will be back next level) I foolishly bought the giant eagle add-on (advertised as unlimited use) but now it requires a cool down time.
You can go back through and try to beat your high score or you can try to get 3 stars on each level.
You can search just about anything, pin it and go back to it later.
You can send videos and photos.
You can vote with your dollars and this app.
You can't download any videos into your phone.
You can't even hit the "next" button to skip tracks.
You can't play wave files at ease ..... What about cluster play.... 1 star till updated...  Why not have an export feature...
You can't scroll very well when your trying to find a hotel, there's no search function that would find the hotel I was staying at and the attractions around and close by.
You can't share folders?
You guys have already put MOVE SHARE DEL, why you guys do not allow us to COPY RENAME???????????????
You have access to restaurants, attractions, and hotels with reviews!
You make note taking fun and easy!
You need no other photo editing apps ever again!
You need to get the iPad App up to the same standards to include the same views and filtering options.
You should be able to find cruises or turistic boats
You should make more levels .
You want to go back to find more points.
You'll have great information on food reviews to leverage for your stay.
You've lost a fan ....  Also can't see the whole screen anymore,  what's the deal???
Your customer service said this update would fix it!