1	-2	" i cannot get rid of this message.
1	-1	No internet connection"" notification?."
1	-1	$450 is too much.
2	-1	(For most apple app) If i need to upload 500 images...i have to check those 500 images one-by-one!?
4	-1	) I LOVED the version prior to this one.
2	-1	- don't upgrade!.
1	-1	1) It's very crash-prone, even after reinstalling and restarting the device.
1	-1	15 min streaming limit.
2	-1	2\1\14 Will not let me share recipes with any of my friends.
1	-1	4 out of 5 because still can't rename files...
2	-1	4.My pictures just come to you like magic.
1	-4	5 to 3 Latest update causes page to scroll down on its own everytime opening a pin..ANNOYING!
1	-1	5.You open my PDFs, Docs etc.
1	-1	54gb of memory.
1	-1	80% It sometimes jam up
3	-2	:) I love it, a lot less messy and much convenient than a real bulletin board or scrapbook
1	-2	A bit pricey though - almost twice as expensive as competitions if you want the extra space.
1	-1	A calender would be nifty as well.
2	-1	A convenient, useful site..
2	-1	A giant picture filing cabinet!!
3	-1	A great help to find attractions and hotels in the place I intend to go.
3	-4	A Great Idea screwed up by the horrible new soundtrack.
4	-1	A Great Way to find hotels and restaurants!.
2	-1	A must app for foodies!
1	-1	A must have for document organization on iphone.
1	-2	A place to collect all the pieces of information that can clutter your life.
1	-1	A ton of bugs and design flaws.
1	-1	Abdul Downloading slow
1	-1	Ability to forward multiple documents.
1	-1	Ability to highlight (re-positionable sticky notes are a dream).
2	-1	Ability to swipe through notes, like flipping pages in a books.
1	-1	About spelling.
1	-1	Access 24/7.
1	-1	Access to my files.
2	-1	Add my flag Please add flag of Pakistan and i'll give it a 5 star :-)
1	-2	Add the moving parts from reds might feathers into a new section in the bad piggies game
2	-1	Add the tap to load or swipe down to load options!
3	-2	Addictive I love to pin the things that interest me and watch as other people enjoy my pinning.
1	-1	Additionally, classifying a note by notebook and adding tags makes it easy to organize among a couple different dimensions for easy retrieval at a later date.
1	-1	After I did the update it will not open.
1	-1	After the last update, it crashes every time I open the manual upload.
1	-3	After this latest update I can't even get into my account on either my iPhone or iPad it says incorrect password!!!
1	-1	After you beat level 22-2 it freezes and doesn't give you the points for the level
4	-3	Agree with recent reviewers - this update completely ruined this excellent app for the iPhone on IOS7
4	-3	Agree with recent reviewers - this update completely ruined this excellent app for the iPhone on IOS7.
1	-1	ALL 1,300 photos were deleted.
1	-1	all in one spot From hair styles, to do-it-yourself ideas, fashion ideas to quotes...
1	-1	All my files and especially my photos are being synced FAST to my laptop.
1	-1	All of my reminders, notes and receipts in one place.
1	-1	All other worlds crash except the first one
2	-1	All that aside, I like calling up notes on my phone, ipad, and desktop (almost) whenever I want.
1	-1	All the notebooks are there but they are all empty.
1	-1	All these updates, and I still can't rename things?
1	-1	All you need for decorating pictures is in this app
1	-3	Allow users to force a sync!
2	-1	Also an improvement in the media player would also help.
1	-1	Also in Evernote hello there is no categorizing.
1	-2	Also its more cumbersome to swipe through images since it's only responsive on the top half of the screen instead of the whole screen.
2	-1	Also like web integration.
1	-1	Also lost the ability to export into pages for editing.
1	-1	Also makes it easy to get photos from phone to computer since I never seem to move them.
2	-1	Also makes preparing a menu easier!
1	-1	Also pinning things from all over the internet.
2	-1	Also please stop auto loading of images in feed section.
2	-3	Also pops up for you to rate it at every log in so save yourself the annoyance and rate it right away.
1	-1	Also slows down a ton when I open another board besides my own.
2	-1	Also the Daily Rewards Power Up/Slot Machine no longer loads anymore.
1	-1	Also the play, re, fw controls you get after double clicking the home button no longer work with this app.
1	-1	Also why is it not possible to change names of files or folders?
2	-1	Also would be nice to rename files.
2	-1	Also would love to have an individual resort map of all the resorts available to view.
1	-1	Also, an ability to highlight/edit PDF's would be rad.
2	-1	Also, can you please add the option to copy and move files?
1	-2	Also, I haven't found an undo option on the app version so when I accidentally delete content, I have to do it over.
3	-1	Also, I love the new interface.
3	-1	Also, I think it would be really fun if you incorporate a doodling function in Evernote.
2	-1	Also, I would love to pay a flat fee to be able to access my notes offline.
3	-1	also, it'll be cool to add videos!
1	-3	Also, still not able to rename files -- unbelievable!!
1	-3	Also, the button for it is right under the pause button, which made me use it even more, I am now out of uses simply because they put it in a lousy location.
1	-1	Also, there is no logic behind the new tag section.
1	-4	Also, using the same view in landscape mode is really ugly and wastes screen real estate.
1	-1	Also, when reviewing I can rate different categories on the iPhone instead of just an overall rating on the iPad.
2	-1	Always find fun things to do and good food.
1	-1	Always searching every note in your Evernote history is not efficient.
3	-1	Always works as promised and delivers useful info and travel tips!
4	-1	Amazing I love that I can even upload my own personal photos and have them as a pin!
4	-1	Amazing ;-) Amazing app ... the best way to stay in touch with ur frnd.. sharw images ... videos .
3	-1	Amazing app it is very healfull and very freindly to use
3	-1	An extra I really like are the street maps and metro guides.
3	-1	And great that it has desktop integration for a computer.
2	-1	And help me with ideas for parties and all kinds of gathering and celebrations.
2	-1	And I have done a good amount of googling around to know that I'm not the only one around wanting better text capabilities.
2	-1	And it's free!
2	-1	And just a user friendlier way to change settings and customize/add pictures to your boards.
1	-2	And now it says trouble reaching evernote server.
1	-1	And now we also can't see our notes on the map filtered by tag.
2	-1	And please, add the ability to tag photos and video.
1	-1	And subcategories.
1	-2	And the new power of the red bird, directional targeting, kinda goes against the appeal of the original game -- you fire a bird and can't change it's direction.
4	-1	And the voice recognition is great!
1	-1	And then I logged into my account through the website and no notes are there either...
1	-1	And they even have an app that loads to your phone and no data is required (as long as you load the city before you use it)
1	-3	And when you email or cut&paste into something else - it is a nightmare.
1	-1	And why do you want me to register???
1	-1	And you can even try to find the hidden items too.
1	-4	Angry Bird's.
1	-4	Angry Birds Lord Of The Rings?.
1	-4	Angry birds.
1	-3	Annoying Ads.
1	-3	Annoying functionality.
1	-3	Annoying update..
3	-1	Any way the other one was better and you took away everyone's favorite levels!also same thing as #5
2	-2	Anyhow, I miss Catch and some others.
1	-2	Anyone can c my profile pic Its dangerous.
2	-1	App should be much much better, can't go 1/2 of what you can online, can't post pictures,can't see my profile or past reviews, can't even give detailed ratings, needs to be much improved
2	-1	App won't open on iphone 4 iOS5... Help!
4	-1	April I really luv diz app...great effects on ur pic....
3	-3	As a result, failures are frustrating because the controls fight my attempts at precision, and successes are unsatisfying because it feels like I just caught a lucky break.
1	-1	As recently as last week, I used this as almost my central control for everything.
1	-1	As soon as I get to the level selection the app crashes.
1	-1	As soon as i updated to version 2.1.
1	-3	Asking for unnecessary permissions Also I do not want the app to run at startup!
3	-1	At first when I got this it was cool, but then when I changed my mined about having my camera uploads in my Dropbox it says that I don't have any photos in my library when I clearly have photos in my library....please fix!!
1	-3	At the moment, you can't copy/paste text, many users (myself included) have reported a typing bug where the cursor jumps when you try to type, rendering the note taking part useless.
1	-1	At times even faster than ordinary sms.
1	-3	At times frustrating to try to navigate to check rates.
1	-2	Avoid the iOS 7 Update.
1	-1	Awesm Most famous pics editor evr
3	-1	Awesome Best photo editior i ever use
3	-1	awesome bt plz increase the size videos that we send
3	-1	Awesome I love pinterest.. its a place where I can keep all the things I like and are interested in, in one place
3	-1	Awesome app but... Add the option of controlling the quality of pictures loaded do that less data usage is incurred.
3	-1	Awesome app, allows you to easily create and share notes, pictures, diagrams and ideas between devices in a highly organized fashion.
4	-1	Awesome tool!!.
3	-4	awful app...I uploaded HUNDREDS of photos but app could not upload them all..lost hundreds of precious memories of concerts, times with friends, etc.
1	-2	Awsome but cant do the powerpoint stuff i want to, not the apps fault though
1	-1	Back button needs work as well.
1	-1	Background gps keeps active and is draining my battery
2	-1	Backup, Sync, Share!.
1	-2	Bad No password for content filter.
1	-2	Bad job on the new level
1	-2	Bad Piggies is a bad game.
1	-2	Bad results in the search
2	-2	Bad reviews and good reviews.
1	-2	Bad syncing.
1	-1	Bag piggies.
2	-1	Be it reading reviews or writing reviews myself!
3	-1	Beautiful app, but NEEDS the ability share folders.
1	-4	Because I am used to writing large amounts of text per note, it makes it extremely difficult to get the entirety of each note to load, and then to enter type mode.
3	-3	Become very unstable and unsupported to my device Now a days it gives a big problem for my HTC desire V device  whenever someone or group chat text message me in marathi language or used in more smily in that  message that time whatsapp is directly closed and suddenly come back to the home screen and never open it....
1	-1	Been trying to download a 1gb file for over 2 days now.
1	-1	Being a musician and heavy e-reader, I rely heavily on PDF markup.
3	-1	Being able to add voice memos, pictures and tags to notes is very helpful.
2	-1	best cloud service ever.
2	-1	Best gr8 Like it nice good job plz add more frame for free pack
3	-1	Best info on hotels hands down!
2	-1	Best information.
3	-3	Best to use most recent reviews and look at overall score rather than relying on only one very bad or very good review.
2	-1	Best travel reviews.
3	-1	Best way I know to keep all my important files in one place so I can access them from anywhere on any device!
1	-1	Better keep animation simple but optimize scrolling.
1	-1	Better yet an option to hide all the icons would improve display a lot
2	-1	Between my Mac, iPhone and work with IE and desktop app, it easy to save from the web and edit notes as needed.
3	-1	Brilliant It's a great  way to keep in contact with people you know :)
2	-1	Brilliant app but crashes on iPad and iPhone.
1	-1	Bring back full screen.
1	-1	Btw, I use the skitch add-on for editing,reformatting, *bold* print, etc.
1	-2	Buggy, slow and insecure.
2	-1	Bugs!!!!!.
1	-1	But "note" should not be in your name.
1	-1	But after recent updates I have issues uploading things.
1	-1	But for me, the heart of the app is the near me now section.
1	-1	but i don't understand why we can't add a website even though it's an option.
1	-1	But I have to go back to OneNote now.
1	-3	But I have to rate it 4 stars because you made the menu worse looking.
2	-3	But I mostly use Dropbox for music and it gets kind of annoying that the music doesn't go in a playlist like in the music app.
3	-1	But I wish saved items could be viewed offline!
1	-3	But in my mobile, after downloading the app, it works six months after that again it shows date failure and it will not work... Again I have to download...
1	-1	But iOS 5 is required to use it.
1	-1	But it does allow me to take a pic, and record voice, so that helps.
1	-2	But it loses 2 stars just because I have to download one photo at a time.
1	-1	But it works on all computers, including Mac.
1	-1	But moving files is a necessity.
1	-1	But now it crashes if you select "Created" or "Title" for the viewing mode.
1	-1	But sometimes the customised jpeg file customised is not recognised by the library/album.
1	-1	But stop it with the continual pop ups in game to buy.
1	-3	But the developers keep shoving the new shock bird in your face to keep buying whenever you're stuck.
2	-1	But the fact that I cannot add recent photos from my album!?!?!!?
1	-1	But the performance is no smooth at all.
1	-3	But wish it didn't steal all of your data.
2	-1	BUT WISH THERE WAS A PASSCODE TO OPEN THE APP!
2	-1	But with this new upgrade requiring iOS 7 (which I don't have), and many apps supporting other cloud storage providers, I find I may have to switch to Box, SugarSync, Mega, Mozy, or any of the other cloud storage sites who aren't forcing me to upgrade to iOS 7.
1	-1	But, one thing that's still missing is bulk downloads.
1	-1	But, when I searched by name, there was the pub and reviews.
1	-2	But.. One flaw is the fact that its almost impossible to load mp3s or WAV files over data.
1	-1	Camera upload is glitchy.
2	-1	Can be improved.
1	-1	Can keep all of my daily notes & thoughts close at hand.
1	-1	Can no longer add files directly from phone.
2	-1	Can not be removed!.
2	-2	Can you please integrate a spam filter feature so I can select and identify senders from which I no longer wish to receive emails.
1	-1	Can't do w/o it.
1	-1	Can't even aim the birds, can't see the whole screen.
1	-1	Can't install on IOS 6 devices.
1	-1	Can't install the update.
1	-1	Can't log in.
1	-1	Can't open files, files won't update.
1	-1	Can't open files.. With the latest update I can't open word documents.
1	-1	Can't open JPEG with new update.
1	-1	Can't open on iPhone 5, keep asking to connect iTune for alert & notification.
2	-1	Can't open--- help?!.
2	-1	Can't play because it crashes constantly!
1	-1	Can't read cached PDF.
1	-1	Can't read your own contributions or see badges.
1	-1	Can't see the names of many boards - there needs to be a wrapped text function on board names so long board names can be seen.
1	-1	Can't upload.
1	-1	Can't use due to pop-up about push notifications.
1	-1	Can't use on 4s with iOS 7.
1	-1	Can't Use on old iPads.
1	-1	Can't view photos.
2	-1	Can't vote reviews helpful.
3	-1	Cannot download latest update, it was working fine for a year and then the updates started.
2	-1	Cannot open any saved files.
1	-1	Cannot Read File Names..
1	-1	Cannot trust using it on iPhone (only desktop and iPad).
1	-1	Cant even access to the account..
1	-1	Cant log in Cant seem to log in using my google account.
1	-2	Cant think of any specific complaints, but there is always room for a more robust interface
4	-1	Challenging levels great game play!!!
1	-1	Change my screen name.
1	-1	change text color, etc.
1	-1	Chat & calling will be easier using this app.
2	-1	Check out the forums to interact with others making your same trip!
1	-2	Chill out, you just got the game for free and you're arguing about this pointless stuff.
2	-1	Colors!
1	-1	come on update it and do better
1	-1	Comes with no instructions.
1	-4	Completely useless.
1	-1	Conditions of the facility/restaurant, cost, service provided by the staff, and more, are at your fingertips.
1	-1	Constant crashes in iOS 7; 8 crashes in 30 minutes.
1	-2	Constant issue with confirming email address Got bored went back to Tumblr
3	-1	Constant pop ups trying to sell "super birds" that don't really do much take away the pleasure of the game.
1	-1	Convenient and easy to use.
1	-1	Convenient.
2	-1	Cool Good place to go if you need an idea for almost anything
2	-1	Cool game.
3	-1	coooooll epic msnger
1	-1	Could care less about location pinning.
2	-1	Could pin but not see my own boards to retrieve the pins!
1	-1	Crash on iPad 1.
2	-1	Crash!!!.
1	-1	Crash.
1	-1	Crashes & hangs.
1	-1	Crashes every single time I open the update episode.
2	-1	Crashes every time I try to play it!!
1	-1	Crashes when reading PDFs.
2	-1	Crashes!!.
1	-1	Crashing.
1	-1	Create something original.
1	-1	current version.
1	-1	Currently have to re-login to get files to update.
1	-1	Cut the ads.
1	-3	Dam, people are arguing that the game is freezing all the time and the app logo is "ugly".
1	-3	Data loss.
2	-1	Dear designers: Would love to see the functionality of the media player upgraded to allow play of songs one after another (without individually selecting them).
1	-1	DELETE
1	-1	Design.
1	-2	Disappointed to see there's still no text editor after all this time.
2	-1	Do all your fans a favor - fire all your current programmers, offer the 2011 version as an update, and then call it a day.
1	-1	Do not like this new version.
2	-1	DO NOT load the Dec 12 update!
1	-2	Do wish it allowed all functions to exist in an Apple environment since I am cross-bred with my devices.
1	-1	Does almost everything except allowing me to make a quick diagram by hand.
1	-1	Does everything the website but smoother, quicker and with more clarity.
1	-1	Does not show you anything about your account such as your contributions or anything related to your reviews.
1	-1	Doesn't seem to involve or build skills, except speed tapping.
2	-1	Doesn't Support IOS6
1	-1	Doesn't work after the last update.
1	-1	Doesn't work on iPad.
1	-1	Doesnt work AT ALL.
1	-2	Don't Updated to iOS7 cause I noticed the paragraph section is missing the ability to create "Section, subsection, paragraph and blockquote" as I was able to in the previous version.
2	-1	Done Best Photoshop I have ever used
1	-1	Downloading?.
2	-1	Downloads of favorites can't resume?.
1	-2	drop box sync.
3	-1	Dropbox is a great program and tool, but with the last update which included a new PDF reader, I cannot open a PDF in full screen view, only thumbnail.
3	-1	Dropbox is a great service.
4	-1	Dropbox is amazing and perfect for storage and safety I love it!
1	-1	Dropbox no longer accepts files from my iPad since latest IOS update.
2	-1	Easiest way to keep in touch with my close and dear.
1	-1	Easy a d accessible.
1	-1	Easy access.
1	-1	Easy camera function allows for adding recipes right to notebook.
1	-1	Easy setup.
1	-1	Easy to access on any device or on their website.
1	-1	Easy to find venues.
1	-1	Easy to function around.
1	-1	Easy to Pin from Mobile.
1	-1	Easy to post updates.
1	-1	Easy to search for information when I need it
1	-1	Easy to share information with staff with a few key strokes.
1	-1	Easy to use Screen shots can be a little small
1	-1	Easy to use and easy to be directed.
3	-1	Easy to use and super quick.
3	-1	Easy to use and very useful.
1	-1	Easy to use for quick, concise note-taking.
1	-1	Easy to use with folders & tags.
1	-1	Easy to use, but I wish you could sort hotels by distance from a location/address.
3	-1	Easy to use, good link with the website, easy to find recommendations quickly all over the world (thanks to all the other users out there!!
2	-1	Easy to use, info is accurate and everything you need to know as a traveler or tourist!
3	-2	Eazy to excess Great way to communute.
4	-1	Edit photos Love it!!
1	-1	Edit simple text files including adding new files.
1	-1	Edit.
1	-1	Edited photos not uploaded.
1	-1	Editing and the dashboard in the app could use an easier interface.
1	-2	editing any of that becomes problematic.
1	-2	Eh It stops suddenly, kicks me out.
3	-1	Epic Its really good but when using 3g costs lods
1	-2	Error report Not ok
1	-1	Essential Tool.
1	-1	Even after the latest update.
1	-1	Even the messenges that are being send gets shuffled.
1	-1	Ever since I downloaded the latest update the app on my iPad continues to show a pop up alert message.
1	-1	Ever since the update to the new PDF viewer (March 2013?
1	-1	Ever spent an hour trying to find a user name that would be accepted?
3	-1	Evernote is a great way to store pictures & notes online, to your computer to your cellphone, I always found myself using it to store notes I would lose.
1	-1	EverNote is no longer for taking text notes.
1	-1	Evernote seems to build "islands of stuff" - text, pictures, URLs, etc.
1	-1	Every time I go to open it or play a level the audio trips and then dark screen, home screen.
1	-1	Every time I log on to my TripAdvisor account through Facebook on my iPod Touch, it crashes.
2	-1	Every time I try to get on the new story, the screen goes black and the I'm back on my home screen!
2	-1	Every time I try to open it, it crashes and I can't even play!
1	-1	Every time I try to open one of my audio files the app just shuts down.
1	-1	Every time I upload pictures it starts to say " conntect to iTunes " and it keeps poppin up after I click ok ..
4	-1	Every time we tried the lower rated places we got a less than stellar experience and when we went with the better ratings we couldn't have been happier!!!
3	-1	Everything is easier to find, looks prettier, and is easy to access.
3	-1	Excelente informacion, me encantan las fotos de los turistas.
4	-1	Excellent A complete package in all for the artist in everyone
5	-1	Excellent Beautiful sharing of beautiful pictures, ideas ideas!
4	-1	Excellent But need to add some more features......
5	-1	Excellent app Performs many tasks!
4	-1	Excellent communication app It is quite nice and enjoyable and time passing too...   Communication is very easy through this and is best communication app ever....  Keep it up WHAT'S APP...!!!
4	-1	Excellent for keeping visual ideas I really use this to keep recipes,  and fashion ideas, but overall great app.
5	-1	Excellent info!!.
4	-1	Excellent notification alert I jst wish dat whatsapp had its own alert ringtone bt its nthng important bcz it fulfils its role of bein a communicational avenue
4	-1	Extremely useful.
1	-1	Facebook linking.
1	-3	Failed to upgrade I couldn't upgrade to the new version, had to delete the app, now I can't install it again..
3	-2	Fantastic ideas and inspiration for my crafty projects.
4	-1	Fantastic resources!
4	-1	Fantastic!.
3	-1	Fast route to information, culture and lots of fun!
1	-2	Fck Fix this cause always error
1	-1	Feb 7,14: Can't view the photos  anymore (if there's no HTTP link).
1	-1	Feedback is provided by actual travelers so you are provided with honest results.
1	-1	Feels more fluid, controls are intuitive and exactly where I expect them to be.
1	-1	File names illegible.
1	-1	File names.
1	-1	File sharing with ease.
1	-1	Files with Style..
1	-2	FILTERING A HOTEL SEARCH..A FLAW.
2	-1	Finally we can share links to folders!
2	-1	Finally, if you have a large file to send someone, you can just put it into your Dropbox and easily send that person a link to view and download your file!
2	-1	Finally, it would be nice if tag searching worked like it does on the web version of Evernote, evaluating the entire tag.
2	-1	Finally, sorting by date!.
1	-1	Finally, when I'm using this while traveling, I really don't want to use international roaming to upload a review, but remind me later waits about 5 minutes and them pesters me again, so a star off for that.
1	-1	First Place to Check.
1	-2	First, they ruined the icon.
1	-1	Fix crashing issues on iPod touch 4
2	-1	Fix syncing!.
1	-3	Fix the camera album bug!.
2	-1	Fix the starred items feature!.
1	-1	Flexibility &amp; Ease of Use.
1	-1	For example the spell check doesn't work just right and the search is slow at times.
1	-1	For people on the go, we need to be able to email links out to people, sending tons of individual links to people is not feasible.
1	-1	For the longest time I couldn't find a single sync button anywhere.
1	-1	Forces use of Game Center.
1	-1	Forgot info link will not send anything to my email so I lost everything I did and no way to contact devs
1	-1	Form and Function.
3	-1	Found this app to very useful for finding restaurants and lodging while traveling and at home.
1	-4	Frequently crashes and does not allow local storage of personal notes, which are automatically stored on painfully slow Evernote servers.
1	-1	Frozen Screen.
3	-1	FUN making collages!
1	-1	FURTHER UPDATE--version 2.1.1 brought back dropbox to my phone.
1	-1	Furthermore, I don't even have the app loaded on my phone.
1	-3	Furthermore, too much key info is buried.
3	-1	galaxy ace love this app
4	-1	galaxy pocket excellent application allover
3	-1	Galaxy tab 3 Love pinterest, app works well, have it both on phone and tab
1	-1	Game crashes.
3	-1	Ganesh lg p350 Great app
2	-2	Get rid of Ads please.
1	-2	Get rid of everything after Bad Piggies.
3	-1	Get to share some really cool pictures, ideas, jokes and recipes.
2	-1	Glitch!.
4	-1	Gone are the excellent filters for refining your search.
1	-1	Gone is the ability to pan the map and have your search applied to a new area.
2	-1	Good Can you please add some more frames,which takes a lot of pictures....please.
2	-1	Good Everyone realy want the "hide last seen" option on android .
2	-1	Good I like this app lets u do fun stuff with ur pics
2	-1	Good Need facility to attach documents as well
2	-1	Good Nice
2	-1	Good Nice edithing photo
2	-1	Good Nice photo editor
2	-1	Good Pls add more feature allow me to send pdf file to frnds
2	-1	Good Really help full....but if u make it free for lifetime...we will use it life long
3	-1	Good This makes beautiful pics
2	-1	good app consumes more amount of phone  memory
2	-1	Good app Is a good app to text on
2	-1	Good app but watch for battery drain.
2	-2	Good app for noting but too expensive to use it for poor students ... 60mb is not enough...could you make it more plz ?
2	-1	Good app for tourist.
2	-1	Good but Good concept.
2	-1	Good feature I like this apps, but we need voice call also.
2	-1	Good for quick word processing and keeping track of all kinds of stuff.
2	-4	Good game without the usual gun or blood violence.
2	-2	Good redesign/bad settings management.
2	-1	Good reviews
2	-2	good software but low processing
2	-1	Good, but not good enough.
2	-1	Good.... Should add more graphics
2	-1	Goood No payment please
1	-1	Got this app for the reviews section.
1	-2	GPS problem.
4	-1	Great Awesome
3	-1	great needs more features and hope u will advance to videos
3	-2	Great app But when I update it , its force close
3	-2	Great app Occasionally freezes or has errors loading & pinning.
3	-1	Great app (& website).
3	-1	Great app and service.
3	-1	Great app for planning
3	-1	Great app for searching, I just wish reviewing my reviews was as seamless as the website.
3	-1	Great app I love the new design but with the new update when you try to share a link to a specific file that has a space in the file name I have to manually replace the spaces with %20 so it will hyperlink correctly.
4	-1	Great app to write my reviews on!
3	-1	Great App w/searching for hotels.
3	-1	Great app with great information
4	-1	Great app.. Love you it synchs!
3	-1	Great but.... Should be able to mark entire folders as favorites so they will save to mobile device, not just each file individually.
3	-1	Great companion to the desktop version.
3	-1	Great concept.
3	-1	Great effects and powers.
3	-1	Great for checklists and idea sharing with others.
3	-1	Great for exploring.
3	-1	Great for finding local gems in restaurants and decent hotels.
3	-1	Great for notes..
3	-1	Great for on the road reviews and info while traveling, love to use while out of town or at the house to get info on places to eat, go check out, or if you're planning a trip.
3	-1	Great for Organizing Notes.
3	-1	Great for tagging and clipping important websites and urls.
3	-1	Great for taking personal notes.
3	-1	Great for US and abroad planning.
4	-3	Great graphics and the physics engine is dead-on!
3	-1	Great info fast.
3	-1	Great information is available.
3	-1	Great new levels at an incredible price.
3	-1	Great new look ...
3	-1	Great organizer.
4	-1	Great Photoshop I like it alot, especially for small touch ups and facebook!
3	-1	Great Picture Edited.
3	-1	Great product.
3	-2	Great productivity app: syncs across all my devices without a problem.
3	-1	Great puzzle game.
3	-1	Great service - iPhone UI not so great.
3	-1	Great Site & APP.
3	-1	Great software, despite the new web interface.
3	-1	Great sync across several devices...
3	-3	Great that I can move between iPhone and iPad without losing all of my hard work.
3	-1	Great tool to consolidate your notes
4	-1	Great tool!!!.
3	-1	Great tool.
3	-1	Great update.
3	-3	great way to save favourite things love it but constant emails irritating
2	-2	Had to disable this is privacy settings to just to resolve the battery drain.
1	-1	Had to keep restring my password to try to use it.
1	-1	Handy announcements from Evernote.
3	-1	Happy with the updates especially the quick pin and like capability!
1	-1	Hard to navigate.
3	-1	Has been helpful in locating great places to stay and eat from south Alabama to Arkansas to Texas.
1	-5	Hate the new levels!
1	-3	Have been using Google Drive for a few months, paid account - the desktop app was totally unreliable and failed to sync just too often.
1	-1	Have it on my iPhone, iPad and computer.
2	-1	Have never had any issues with this app, its been my go to for enhancing  photos and has never let me down!
1	-1	Have to scroll thru all the pictures to get to the end.
2	-1	Have used in US, Ireland and Continental Europe, easy to use good information including location, numbers and web site.
1	-1	Having a map to get you there also helps.
1	-3	Having problem getting to update upgrade!?
2	-1	Having search feature for a word does me no good if I can't search within the note to find that word.
1	-1	Having this available easily on my phone made checking updates on projects from work to sharing items much easier when I'm not at a computer.
1	-1	He looses his notebooks but the pen syncs with Evernote and all his handwritten notes are there.
1	-1	Head to their website and they have user guides which will give you some ideas.
1	-1	Help me find many hotels when I need help.
2	-1	Help!.
3	-1	Helpful!!.
1	-1	Highly recommend.
3	-2	Hope Dropbox team improves the QA process and perform more exhaustive testing before releasing a new version.
1	-5	Horrible update I'm furious I spent my money to get this!!!!
1	-4	Horrible update on 3-7-13.
1	-4	Horrible Update.
1	-1	Hotels in NC.
2	-1	HOW CAN I CAN MAXIMIZE THE SLIDE SHOW ?!
1	-1	How can I have the old version????
1	-1	How do you move files within existing folders?
1	-1	How hard would it be to include this as an additional search filter?
1	-1	How to add voice memo from the iPhone?
1	-1	However, the positioning is glitchy.
1	-1	However, when I use the camera upload option in iOS 7, it only uploads the original photo and not the edited one.
1	-1	HTC 4G android.
3	-1	HTC one Best social app ever.!!
2	-1	HTC one s Good
1	-1	Html viewing not working.
4	-1	I absolutely love being able to save notes and organize them in notebooks.
1	-1	I access all my entries on my iPad, iPhone, or computer.
2	-1	I also like that i can add any places and review them.
3	-1	I also love that I can view it all on various devices.
3	-3	I also love the dead simple camera upload for my iPad & iPhones but would like to see that integrated outside of a sync.
3	-1	I also love the feature of sharing stuff with mates.
2	-2	I also miss the 'page xx of xx' feature when scrolling.
3	-1	I also think the latest style refresh is a big positive in the right direction.
1	-1	I also use Evernote Food App (which syncs with Evernote).
1	-1	I also wished that there was a way to respond to replies.
1	-1	I also wouldn't mind an option to pin to multiple boards.
2	-1	I always go to trip advisor to see opinions whether the are good reviews or not.
1	-1	I always read all the reviews while we are traveling on the road.
1	-1	I am also unable to email the existing info.
3	-1	I am enjoying this app and how I can place items that I want to review at a later time.
1	-2	I am having problems uploading stuff to survival craft a game.
1	-1	I am never without important documents that I need to review or look up that are password encoded.
1	-1	I am not finding a way to read the longer, truncated file names in the left column.
1	-1	I am on the road 5 days out of the week and I needed a dependable application for locating hotels, restaurants, Starbucks, etc.
1	-1	I am planning my entire vacation to Key West using trip advisor.
1	-1	I am really using this Tripadvisor to receive information about hotels restaurants, etc.
1	-5	I am THOROUGHLY disappointed and COMPLETELY disgusted with the newest levels!
2	-1	I appreciate the easy access to reviews of restaurants and other places.
1	-1	I can access files anywhere.
1	-1	I can access through the "open" option on dropbox App Store page but not through dropbox icon on phone page.
1	-1	I can easily text someone a single photo ... WTH ?
1	-1	I can edit pictures in a high quality.
2	-1	I can no longer link my account to my atomic web browser, don't know if it's cause of the iOS 7 update, if so then please update the app to work with it
1	-1	I can NOT access them.
1	-1	I can not open many of my files on my Ipad.
1	-1	I can only hide it, not adjust it.
1	-1	I can order the searches to look at latest entries first which is very important in my business.
2	-1	I can pin everything I like and send pictures and quotes to my girlfriend.
3	-1	I can pretty much have access to all my photos and videos on the go without it taking space on my phone.
1	-1	I can search pictures of business cards, agendas as well as meeting notes and I can do this from my iPad, iPhone, web or home computer app.
1	-1	I can tag items and move between folders which allow me to manage my daily tasks and set reminders if something has a due date.
3	-2	I can't believe Rovio went to all this trouble to turn a perfectly fun and addicting game into a game that should just be thrown in the trash!!
1	-1	I can't even get the game to play.
1	-1	I can't find a master list of reminders in the app or the desktop version.
1	-1	I can't look at just my cafes or restaurants or meetings on the map.
1	-1	I can't open Dropbox.
1	-1	I can't open it on my ipad 3.
1	-1	I can't open the app, or delete it.
2	-1	I can't share folders!
1	-1	I cannot look at anything beyond the town I am looking at?
1	-1	I catch myself just jotting notes on a sticky pad and leaving them on my desk...
2	-1	I choose a level and it keeps crashing!
2	-1	I click ok and it pops right back up!
1	-1	I click on the icon, my enter password shows up and either it's stuck on that and I can't even enter a password, or I enter it and nothing happens.
1	-1	I did not give permission to upload pics.
1	-1	I did the update and they made me change my password.
1	-1	I didn't have to uninstall just shut down app and reload and connect to wifi
1	-1	I didn't wish to upgrade to IO7 on my ipad2 and can't on my orginal ipad.
1	-3	I dislike the latest version.
1	-1	I do some organizing up front, but the real benefit is everything is then searchable and available on both my computers, phone and tablet.
2	-1	I do wish I could change my board cover and have more categories like on the website.
2	-1	I do wish that when sharing the notes, they didn't look like garble when I use colors and formatting.
2	-1	I don't have a good sense of what actually kills the pigs, versus just wounding them, and any results I get don't seem at all repeatable from one attempt to the next.
1	-1	I don't need to see a leader board.
2	-1	I don't really know how to created the file like a word document or something.
1	-1	I downloaded an update and now the flight search doesn't work.
3	-1	I downloaded the city app while I was travelling and was very happy to find that the maps worked even without using data.
3	-1	I enjoy using trip advisor and would probably post more reviews if I could see a list and access my own reviews from the app.
3	-1	I especially like the web clipper and then emailing right from Evernote
1	-1	I even purchased the Pro version.
1	-1	I find I must logon again each and every time I open the app on my iPad2 running iOS7. 
2	-1	I find it an useful tool.
1	-2	I find it difficult to navigate the app.
2	-1	I find it very handy to be able to copy from penultimate straight to Evernote!
3	-1	I found this app pretty helpful overall for finding hotels and reading reviews, however the search feature was a bit limited and didn't allow me to filter by brand name easily.
1	-1	I get a big black screen every time I try to click on the hotels pictures.
1	-1	I get the logo screen and then the app crashes completely.
1	-1	I go and then post my thoughts.
2	-1	I guess they are forcing us to pay for premium, find alternative, fellows!
1	-1	I had to email a bunch of large files and the work email system wouldn't take it.
1	-1	I had to upload all the pictures to a named folder, then I had to use the Internet browser to login to Dropbox and then send the link to the folder from there.
1	-5	I hate how hard iris to put different notes into different notebooks, though!
1	-4	I hate it so much I don't want to give it Bull crap.stupid
1	-4	I hate the power ups bloat ware -2.
1	-4	I hate waiting to play again.
2	-4	I have a premium account and I use Evernote for business and personal items all day long and I am very frustrated about the new advertisement section I've been graced with despite paying not to have advertisements.
1	-1	I have all of then except Rio.
3	-1	I have also had issues refreshing feed at times...but otherwise great app.
1	-1	I have inadvertently deleted entire notes because of the new layout, which is slow and barely functional.
1	-1	I have it on all my devices to note ideas down, clip web articles and can search through everything.
1	-1	I have it uploading my photos, which it does consistently well and syncing docs I need.
4	-2	I have loved this game since the first time I ever played it...but I am so sick of getting the instant text messages of reminding me of my "daily rewards".
1	-2	I have no idea how to get drop box files to sync with the iPhone or iPad
2	-1	I have recommended to friends.
1	-1	I have the app on my phone and iPad.
1	-1	I have to delete the app and download it again.
1	-1	I have to go to my iPhone to see B &B's or filter by categories within restaurants and things to do.
1	-1	I have to open the files in other programs.
1	-1	I have to overwrite in the app to update a file and then I have to use the web version to move updates files into a folder.
1	-1	I have tried to get information on TA and all I see is this statement that the review has been removed.
3	-1	I hope Rovio sees all these 1 star reviews and takes them to heart.
1	-2	I just struggle to find a use for it, and when I do, I often want PDFs out, which I struggle to acquire at work where it's all Windows all the time.
1	-1	I just updated the app and the little blue loading bar thingy on the app itself is stuck on full.
1	-1	I just want to indent).
1	-1	I just wish that there was a calendar integration and sub folders within stacks.
1	-1	I just wish there was an option to change the name of pictures and documents through your phone.
4	-1	I just wish you could edit your word documents other than that it's great!
1	-1	I keep business cards and journal articles that I use at work.
1	-1	I keep trying to get to one of my files, but the app keeps crashing for some reason.
1	-3	I know I can just do a screen shot but i prefer the clean cut copy you receive, without boarders from saving images to the camera roll!
1	-1	I know there is an outline feature (with either dots or numbers, this is not the feature I commonly use.
2	-1	I like being able to take pictures and use it often for business cards.
2	-1	I like it.
2	-1	I like submitting my honest reviews as I see them and am glad people can take what I have to say and make their own opinion.
2	-1	I like that it gives you more info about the area.
2	-1	I like the concept and automation using the subject line.
2	-2	I like the fact that I can download drop box on any device and share pics.
2	-1	I like the new update rovio keep up the good work
2	-3	I like the page preview feature of the new version, but the general PDF viewing experience is worse.
2	-1	I like the UI improvements with the new version.
2	-1	I like this app, which allow us to chat, share music and video...
3	-1	I liked the old color scheme.
3	-1	I liked very much the upgrade to pdfs (divisions and search).
1	-1	I loaded 314 documents in about five seconds.
2	-1	I logged in with my new password and ALL of my files are missing!
3	-1	I love where are the colors of the textfonts?
3	-4	I love angry birds,but im not happy with you.Why do you need Open GL 2.0?
3	-4	I love angry birds.And you should sign with sponge bob squarepants for an app .And you should youse Billy Joel music for your background sound.
3	-1	I love having all my photos backed up automatically and not having to keep them on my phone.
3	-2	I love it Easy to use and relatively stable app.
3	-1	i love it this app lets you create beautiful pictures
3	-1	I love it and highly recommend for all devises and all file types.
3	-1	I love it, making a password lock before accessing the actual app would be perfect, for the fact that most of the files are very important, but still an amazing app.
3	-1	I love our Dropbox functionality and speed.
3	-1	I love pasting notes to ever note.
4	-1	I love pinning!
3	-1	I love seeing the trip advisor signs when I go into restaurants now.
3	-1	I love that I can have post it notes without the post its.
3	-1	I love that it syncs with my computer.
3	-1	I love that you can access your notes from anywhere.
4	-1	I love the ability to search for bargains in travel and lodging, and get the inside baseball on what I can expect from local hotels and restaurants!
3	-1	I love the app for allowing me to keep my notes organized and synchrd across devices.
4	-1	I love the do-anything note capabilities: text, inline photos, audio files, web-clips (which I have yet to become proficient with, but will)!
3	-1	I love the document photo feature.
3	-1	I love the fact that Evernote allows me to sync my notes between each of my devices and computers.
3	-1	I love the highlight section, but wish there is more color than yellow.
4	-1	I love the moving targets!
3	-1	I love the new design for iOS 7
3	-1	I love the new levels they are very challenging .
4	-1	I love the PC version and an app just puts icing on the cake!
3	-1	I love the redesign.
3	-1	I love the variety of levels and birds.
3	-1	I love this app but I do wish I could highlight words in PDFs and create bookmarks.
3	-1	I love this app but my opinion is to add some more clear tracing image and coloring bottle in draw menu so that i can make comics like a photoshop.
3	-1	I love this app just wish it was available for every site i visited.. Would recommend.
3	-1	I love you pics art If you want editor for android ...go with dis app only trust me...its best for android and fabulous for canvas HD i love itttttttttt
2	-1	I need to save the file to see the photo on my iPhone.
2	-1	I never book a room without checking the reviews on this site first!
1	-1	I now have to enter numerous towns and do numerous searches to find what I'm looking for.
1	-2	I once had a problem on my iPad with an endless loop asking me to connect to iTunes.
1	-1	i only can view pdfs once.
2	-1	I only wish there was streaming support for media files (btw @dropbox - I'd pay extra for that).
1	-1	I paid for it now its free?
2	-1	I paid for these games, this wasn't suppose to happen....Grrr
1	-1	I paste my passwords I paste copies of receipts and anything that I need to locate later and I can easily find it in one location the search option is very handy as well.
1	-1	I prefer the old feed.
1	-1	I prefer using it on my ipad than my phone as the clarity of the pictures are incredible.
5	-1	I really enjoy  chatting in watsapp!
3	-1	I really like its integration with other SaaS tools.
4	-1	I really love how Dropbox update design.
2	-1	I recommend this to everyone!
1	-1	I rely on Dropbox for syncing daily annotated PDFs from my iPad to my home computer.
1	-1	I tend to provide reviews on the fly and my only wish is that I could edit them through the app.
2	-1	i think best gud
1	-1	I think there should be an option for quieter areas to go to, since most places are very touristy and crowded.
1	-1	I tried different variations of my password.
1	-1	I tried to launch it and it always crashes and exits.
1	-1	I tried to log in on my iPad but it would not let me.
2	-1	I trusted Dropbox as a back up for my photos.
1	-4	I try to go for something and it always points me away from the target I want to hit terrible update
1	-1	I turn first to them for hotel and dining recommendations at home or in some exotic destination.
1	-1	I use dropbox on all of my devices.
2	-1	I use for everything!
1	-1	I use ipad mini.
2	-1	I use it DAILY to keep my (gluten-free, dairy-free) recipes organized!
1	-1	I use it for all my note taking.
1	-1	I use it on my Mac and I use it on my iPhone.
1	-1	I use it to keep track of recipes, make notes on hobbies, keep up with maintenance tasks
1	-1	I use it to look for places near me- in the US and in Europe.
1	-1	I use it to store all sorts of data that I need to be able to recall quickly.
1	-1	I USE IT TO WRITE JOURNAL ENTRIES, TAKE NOTES AT CHURCH, JOB MEETINGS, ETC.
2	-2	I use several apps for PDF viewing and one feature that keeps me on the prowl for the holy grail of PDF viewers, is an app that supports PDF markup.
1	-1	I use the app mostly for researching hotel options and things to do in different towns around the world.
2	-3	I use this app all the time when on vacation and this new version is making it very difficult to look at my saves.
1	-1	I used  to rely on Dropbox to transfer files from my iPad to my computer.
1	-1	I used it some before the reminder system was added.
1	-1	I used to be able to view .xls files on my iPad AND iPhone.
3	-3	I used to love the simplicity of the web interface, but the new one seems too cumbersome and I've had some really weird issues where it has overwritten my notes.
3	-2	I used to LOVE this app until they ruined it by taking away the "what's nearby" when you're already scrolling down a hotel or a restaurant page.
1	-1	I usually hold my iPad for trip advisor in horizontal position (sideways), so the button was nowhere to be found.
1	-1	I utilize this for work, and rely on it for reports.
2	-1	I want my eagle back!!!
1	-4	I want the old angry birds back.
1	-1	I want to be able to send a link to people of an entire folder with many pics in it from my mobile.
3	-1	I was browsing looking at our ratings when I found myself browsing other hotels around the country & now I want to travel more just to go to the hotels in my saved list!
1	-2	I was disappointed with the bubble bird, but I trekked on.
2	-1	I was looking for the longest time the save (Favorites feature) button until I noticed that it only appears when iPad is hold in vertical position (upright).
1	-1	I was simply trying to toggle check marks in my grocery list yesterday, and it would take three or more attempts to acknowledge me, and then suddenly the keyboard would pop up without any reason and the screen and cursor would jump to the bottom of the list.
1	-1	I went back into the desktop app.
1	-1	I wish I could delete them.
1	-1	I wish I could email documents from Dropbox as attachments not as links.
1	-1	I wish I could make more adjustments from my phone , but I still have to use the regular laptop to change pin cover photos and to  rearrange boards.
1	-1	I wish the interface a bit different.
1	-1	I wish there was a 'move pin' button to place it to another board.
3	-1	I wish you could save Notes from the home page to Dropbox, that would make organizing my devotionals and other thoughts easier, as well as increase the camera upload speed instead of just one at a time.
1	-1	I would give this 5 stars if it had these two additional features:  Ability to use a scroll bar on iPad and iPhone rather than swipe, swipe, swipe and more swipe to get to the bottom of a note.
1	-2	I would like it better if I was able to increase the text size SUGGESTION- Have an undo button.
3	-1	I would like it better if there were multi- layer nesting available for the notebooks, but it is pretty cool.
1	-1	I would like the ability to share a complete folder not just one file at a time.
1	-1	I would like to say that I do not like the fact that the password has to be reset.
2	-1	I would like to see that info because it would be like the website.
2	-1	I would love to have an option to reply directly from my Gear.
2	-1	I would put a folder as favorite, thus putting all the files inside this as favorite too.
3	-1	I would rate it higher i love the app but it says there are bots on my network and i cannot fix it
1	-1	I would suggest you to have at least 5 GB of space .
2	-1	I'd like this options when reading or editing too.
1	-1	I'm 99% mobile.
3	-1	I'm a crafter so when I have time and feel inspired I get on here and browse.
1	-3	I'm addicted!.
1	-1	I'm an Evernote premium user, but NEVER update my iOS on the first go round. 
1	-1	I'm constantly using the other "Y" for foodie trips, but I can see that for International and tourist locations this app has more content.
1	-1	I'm deleting it.
2	-2	I'm happy the old music is back and this wasn't an update for the stupid red mighty feathers.
1	-1	I'm having issues with moving my files.
1	-1	I'm uninstalling
1	-1	I'm using ipod 4th with ios 6.
4	-3	I'm very disappointed that I can't open most excel files anymore!
2	-1	I've compared Trip Advisor to other flight search engines and it always found the best deal for me.
1	-1	I've had to go into the note and delete it word by word.
1	-1	I've seen hotels rated a 4 that in my opinion were really a 5.
1	-1	iCloud is FREE.
1	-3	Icon is ugly
3	-1	Ideas for everything This app is great for artistic projects and other creative tasks
1	-1	If I know a note I am searching for is in a certain folder I should not have to search through search hits from all my other folders.
3	-1	If only I could see my filled in fields of the Word forms on it it would be awesome.
2	-1	If only I could text a pin or the link to friends that aren't pinners yet.
4	-1	If only Penultimate would support zooming in, it would be awesome!
1	-1	If they were going for the "New Coke" effect it worked.
3	-1	If we could create docs inside the app that would be great
1	-1	If you are a multi-platform user this is a must have.
2	-1	If you are having issues, contact support before blasting the app.
3	-2	If you can't beat them, join them Great place to find interesting images and to lose a few hours a day
3	-1	If you need to store lots of information and then be able to retrieve it through a number of different tags, you'll love Evernote.
2	-1	If you read the most current reviews you will get the best feel for the hotel.
1	-1	If you see a large "play" button in the middle of a screen, you would assume it starts the game, but no, it just brings you to another screen to try to sell more games.
1	-2	If you use a Mac then maybe no issues, but it was a bad purchase for this windows computer user.
1	-2	Ignore all the negative reviews.
2	-1	Impressed by its versatility in terms of the type of note one can take.
1	-1	In constant use on all platforms.
1	-1	In most levels, I have noticed that many balances do not follow the equilibrium laws of mechanics.
1	-1	In my opinion, the only thing it's missing is video handling.
1	-1	In particular, the text entry is a BIG deal.
1	-1	In the previous version you could scroll the map and see your desired categories update on screen.
3	-1	In theory it's great but once a PDF is selected it can be impossible to close it.
1	-1	In this new version I can finally edit notebooks on my phone.
1	-2	Inability to read long filenames.
1	-1	Increase participants in a group increase participants in a group  Update it...
1	-1	Indexing is very slow too, many of my pins take weeks to come up in search.
1	-1	information, 1?
1	-1	iOS 5.1
1	-1	iOS 6 share sheets?.
1	-1	iOS 7 glitches.
1	-3	iOS 7 seems to be incompatible.
1	-1	iOS 7, iPhone 5.
1	-1	iPhone 5 ios7.
2	-1	iPhone like scrolling desired.
1	-1	iPhone, Mac, kindle...
1	-2	Ironically, they just made this game "free"... coincidence?
1	-1	Is there a selection tool to edit and work with image parts?
2	-1	It allows me to share individual photos but not entire folders!
3	-1	It always loads quickly and runs great.
1	-1	It always says Installing...
1	-3	It constantly reports failure to synch, it freezes momentarily between all actions, it crashes here and thee, and the search function sometimes fails to find key words.
1	-1	It crashes and it won't keep your progress between other devices if you are not online.
1	-1	It crashes as soon as  i get to load the level
1	-1	It crashes when I click on a level
1	-2	It does a poor job at retaining the starred items in memory.
1	-1	It does not know where yo are at any more and does not provide location service.
1	-1	It doesn't work with gifs..
1	-1	IT HAS 69 TROJAN VIRUSES.
1	-2	It has a vast amount of data, but be careful and glean from other sources to get information.
1	-1	It has most of ur basics.
1	-2	It helps me a lot when I'm on the trip but one thing that makes me mad that when I click to see the photos.
3	-1	It is a great resource for searching and getting personnal feelings from visitors like us.
3	-1	It is a great way to stay 'green' by storing documents rather than printing hard copies.
1	-1	It is available on all platforms and syncs automatically.
1	-2	It is difficult to know how to start.
1	-1	It is easy to use and quite intuitive in how it works.
3	-1	It is fabulous to be able to record a meeting and take notes at the same time.
2	-1	It is for everyone who like pics It is the perfect way to make some perfect pictures, it has much feathers, everything you need to edit pics, ===
2	-1	It is fun to get help from the characters with special powers when I am really stuck.
1	-1	It is harder to find, in this version.
3	-1	It is helped me find restaurants in cities I've never been and great deals on flights and hotels.
2	-2	It is helpful to read multiple opinions, one can generally wade through the static and determine what fits.
1	-3	It is quite annoying.
1	-3	It is taking lot of time or sometimes get failed.
1	-1	It is the first place I check when heading to a new area for information on hotels, restaurants and activities.
1	-2	It keeps going back to the home screen when it's on the loading screen :/
2	-1	It lets me edit my pics anyway I want and share them easily!!
2	-2	It makes your brain work more than the average nonsense game, it has attainable goals and overall it's just cute and fun.
1	-1	It performs well and all my devices are always in sync, so my files and notes are always handy.
1	-1	It really empowers me to write while on the go.
2	-1	It remembers everything for me across platforms....!
1	-1	It shortens it with ... On the old version I could click the file and then minimize the left bar and see the file name, but on this version I don't see any way to do that.
1	-1	It starts uploading , the progress bar shows it going, then when radionics he'd, the progress bar just starts again and again going over and over
2	-1	It was cool, until the last update where now I can't upload from my iPhone..
1	-1	It won't close, and there is nothing to get me back to a home page.
2	-1	It would be nice to be able to enlarge the photos though.
3	-1	It would be really nice if it gives us 10gb free space.
3	-1	It would've great if there was a way to hide some of my notebooks with a password for secure data.
3	-1	It'd be great if there was a way to see my "saves" sorted by distance as well as a way to mark them as seen.
3	-1	It's a delight to use for recording ideas and notes.
3	-1	It's a fantastic tool to get reviews on everything.
2	-1	It's a good version of the website.
3	-1	It's a great app especially for iphone users since they can't add storage to their phones but any time u send a email to a friend inviting them to get it they give you more memory
3	-1	It's a great app for taking class notes on my tablet and still be able to access them via the internet.
1	-1	It's a lot of clicking to do something as simple as review your notes.
1	-1	It's almost impossible to find files within the app.
1	-2	It's also impossible to send files as email attachments instead of sharing their links through the default Mail app.
3	-2	It's awesome However recently there is lapse to receive the message .
3	-1	It's been great and works on my iPad, iPhone and Mac.
1	-1	It's clunky and advertising too much.
3	-1	It's great for people that are on the go and can store almost anything and have it in the palm of their hand.
3	-1	It's great to be able to search for a resume or an crucial school document saved on my laptop from my phone.
3	-1	It's great to have the ability to input URL, photos, audio, and text.
4	-1	It's new reminders feature has been amazing!
1	-3	It's not being installed in Android 2.3 after finishing download it show that download unsuccessful.
3	-2	It's not great for stuff in the U.S. but it's great for international advice, and it's an easier platform to post reviews than yelp.
1	-1	It's on my iPhone, iPad and MacBook.
1	-1	It's quick, when i pin something it goes up immediately.
3	-1	It's really good.
3	-2	It's really useful now it just needs a dragon dictate so I can quit copy and pasting lol useful app though =]
1	-1	It's simple and easy to use.
1	-2	It's stupid.. You can't download any videos into your phone.
3	-1	It's super easy to copy pictures to clipboard or even save them to your phone, but why can't I download my videos?
2	-3	It's suprisingly fun to slingshot birds and destroy things.
3	-1	It's the best It's quick and easy to use and never let's me down and I don't have to spend credit while having a conversation!
2	-1	It's the best way to organize documents and images in one place.
2	-1	It's the most simple way to collect & organize interests, and new ideas.
3	-1	It's very convenient to use, however not being able to switch between accounts without un-linking the phone would be great.
1	-1	It's very slow and unwieldy on my iPhone 4.
2	-1	It's way too slow!!
2	-1	Its a "must have" app for any traveler, just full of useful info, that also provides local commentary.
2	-1	Its a bit slow!
3	-1	Its fine Plz add a symbol of salut .
2	-1	its free!!.
1	-2	its problem is about not being allowed ur last online status
3	-1	Its really easy to use and I love all the little icons to choose from.
1	-2	Its realy easy n so fst..after all it is d no.1 messenger on android It is very quick n low data..usage.on my smsng galaxy y
1	-1	Its still loading and it has been fir five days.
3	-1	Jfk702 Great apps to share thought and pic...
1	-1	Jus cant find how to remove text from a pic.
1	-1	Just a bit slow.
1	-1	Just a black screen with a gray bar at the bottom.
3	-2	just as I was beginning to enjoy and appreciate the app, taking notes on a book I'm reading both textually and by taking pictures of passages, I accidentally touched the "plain text" format button.
1	-1	Just discovered the nifty point me there feature.
1	-1	Just for everyone to know if you install Evernote and your notes do not show up first you need to delete Evernote and reinstall and it will begin to sync again
1	-1	Just installed update and it's unusable now because it crashes 100% of the time upon startup.
1	-1	Just on iOS.
1	-1	Just updated to version 3.1.0 & completely lost all progress.
2	-1	Just wish it would STOP suggesting I share pins with my friends
3	-1	Keep uptading .. Love this app 5 stars from my side..
1	-1	Keeps all your information in one place.
1	-1	Keeps crashing Not only did it crash, it also wiped my whole phone.
1	-1	keeps crashing every time I try to make an account
1	-1	Keeps crashing.
3	-1	Keeps telling me to reset my password,because it is in safe mode,but will not send me the email to do so!
1	-1	Keeps track of any and everything and just keeps getting better.
1	-2	Kill Red's Mighty Feathers.
2	-1	Lag!.
1	-1	Larger photos.
1	-5	Last Update ios 7.0 is Disastrous!
1	-1	Lately the sound stops after the screen locks.
1	-1	Later, we stopped by the restaurant to find the longest line to get in restaurant we had ever seen.
2	-1	Latest release: A brilliant kinetic puzzle game lobotomized into a nearly mindless click  to fire.
1	-4	Latest update is awful.
1	-4	Leaderboard format is awful.
2	-1	Let's you review on the go and keeps me busy at the airport!
2	-1	Like that I get more feedback how is everyone experience.
2	-2	Like the drop box service, but upgrading is too expensive.
2	-1	Like the new design.
2	-1	Like trip advise, don't like app.. Search engine not complete.
2	-1	Little than 30 seconds it had my account created and pictures uploading on there!
1	-1	loading pics.
2	-1	Locally run and owned!
1	-1	Locks up every time.
1	-1	Logging out and logging back in didn't work.
2	-1	Lol cool but it gets repetitive after a while
1	-1	Look, if we are going to have limits of what I can pin, then I am going to delete this app and my account.
1	-1	Looking forward to more levels.
2	-1	Looks almost like some sort of glitch.
3	-1	Looks great.
2	-1	Looks like I will be moving over to google docs or something else.
1	-1	Lost me.
1	-1	Lots of room available.
3	-1	Love Best photo editing app ever
4	-1	Love being able to look up the specific areas I'm visiting and have LOCALS chiming in too!
3	-1	Love Evernote, can't say I love this app.. New design is strange to navigate, tag lookup is slow, unintuitive is a pretty good word for some of the changes.
3	-1	Love how can I can put outlook emails in it.
3	-1	Love how easy it is to find reviews on restaurants and hotels
3	-1	Love it Great app, but a lot of repeated items.
5	-1	Love it I love, love, love being able to pin things on the run I love being able to access those pins on the run!
3	-1	Love it This app is great I get most of my recipes fron it and loys of great decorating ideas for parties
3	-1	Love it :D Fully like an online scrap board...
3	-1	Love pinterest Love it, only downside is the quality of the pictures are a lot lower on the app than the website when used on computers
3	-1	Love that I can take picture notes and get a memory jog just by looking at the "post it".
3	-1	Love the ability to post stuff as I do it.
3	-1	Love the change in italics and boxes to check off.
3	-1	Love the connectivity.
3	-2	Love the cross platform syncing.
4	-1	Love the excellent and consistent multi-platform experience and sync.
3	-1	Love the interface.
3	-1	Love the new interface.
3	-4	Love the original Angry Birds...not whatever was just released with the new update!
3	-2	Love the program BUT since you added the 'share this pin'  option I have been receiving spam that my friends did not send.
3	-1	Love the program.
3	-1	Love the service but annotations on PDFs have disappeared from Dropbox since iOS 7 update.
3	-1	Love the smileys, available in watsapp.
4	-1	Love the support for password protected MS Office docs, thanks!
3	-1	Love the user reviews and pics
3	-1	Love this app Lets you keep all things you find interesting in one place
4	-1	Love to Pin it!
3	-1	Love trip advisor on the big screen.
3	-1	Love, but ... Can we get push notifications for other things being shared, besides just folders.
4	-1	Loved the service there.
3	-1	luv it simple and fast, but pls add more clip art and so sticker
2	-1	Maihklass01 Nice & slow.
1	-4	Make an angry birds G.I joe version
1	-1	Make some Batman levels
1	-1	Many filters, etc.
1	-1	Map does not refresh after detail view.
2	-1	Mark favorites at the folder,  2.
3	-1	Marvelous Amazing effects....
2	-1	Maximizing space to type in should be the goal, however, it doesn't feel like it.
1	-1	Maybe I'm missing this but the only time you get full screen is when you start a new note.
1	-1	Maybe the option of colored notes?
1	-2	Maybe the underlying code base or architecture makes it difficult to create rich text with proper formatting.
1	-1	MCPE maps and mods.
1	-1	Medical info such as current meds.
2	-1	Might like it better if I actually knew how to optimize its use and they were helpful in making the info you need easily available.
1	-1	Mighty Eagle Review.
1	-1	Mind you it does keep freezing up.
1	-1	Mine doesn't even work.
2	-2	Miss distance from current location.
2	-2	Miss the 'popular' section Definitely a pinterest addict.
3	-1	Missing top 10 lists but overall great app
3	-1	Mobile access to the forums is also great.
1	-1	More crashes in latest version (5.2.1).
3	-1	Moreover, I enjoy the website version as well.
1	-1	Most of the time I just get the gray screen.
2	-1	Mr. Our best friend abroad.
3	-1	Mr.. Great app but I wish it could sort and/or rate based on which meal you would like for restaurants.
2	-1	Much  impresive and high perfomance with generic android old version!
1	-1	Much better place to store all those notes than your Gmail account.
2	-1	Much improved navigation.
2	-1	Multi platform support is flawless
2	-1	Multiple accounts!!.
2	-1	Multiple Sign In's I have a personal Pinterest and one I use for my business, it would be nice to be able to easily go back and forth between accounts
1	-1	Music player no longer works.
1	-1	Music takes 15 seconds to load after you have selected a song ( doesn't matter if I'm on Verizon LTE or Wifi) also, it doesn't play the next song automatically instead you have to open the app, go back and pick the next song in the folder.
1	-1	Music.
1	-1	My "Go-To" app for restaurant reviews.
1	-1	My American Express.
2	-1	My favorite old feature was uploading a bunch of photos and videos from the day overnight or while using another app.
2	-1	My favorite place to add and read reviews.
1	-1	My files are accessible anytime, anyone, from any of my devices or another's.
1	-1	My husband has the Evernote pen an takes notes during his meetings.
3	-1	My iPad works fine when I open Dropbox...
3	-2	My kids love to challenge me for high score.
3	-3	My last review was on the Space Eagle a very bad copy of the Awesome Mighty Eagle which is my latest review and an unlimited supply of them can be bought for 99c so it gets 5 stars but the Space Eagle should be the same.
3	-1	My Mac OS X version is working fine, but the app does not upload my data until I soft reset the phone.
1	-1	My notes are easy to find.
1	-2	My only complaint is not being able to see your inbox  and reply to messages in the app.
3	-2	My only complaint is that some stages can be exceedingly difficult but still one of the best iOS games available!
1	-1	My phone is out of space.
1	-1	Na Design needs a more straight forward menu to navigate features
1	-1	Navigation bar.
2	-2	Need add Hi plz could you try to make a smoke cuase i want to add some smoke to my picture to fake like im smoking .
1	-1	Need more information on golf courses....will use it on every trip we take
2	-1	Need response ASAP!!
1	-2	Need Spam Feature.
1	-1	Need to be able to set limited as to how  much space it uses on my phone.
2	-1	Need to have an option to select multiple documents (and/or folders) and forward them at the same time instead of opening each one individually!!!!!!
2	-1	Need to improve functionality on this app.
1	-1	Needs a "move to folder" feature.
1	-1	Needs a cloud sync feature.
1	-1	Needs call service.
3	-1	Needs GIF support!.
1	-1	Needs Offline Functionality.
1	-1	Needs the original star rating music.
2	-1	Needs Update!
3	-1	New auto-upload of photos and videos is a great & useful addition.
1	-1	New design is aweful.
3	-1	New hotel price search is awesome too.
3	-1	New interface is great
1	-1	New iOS7 style but crashes all the time.
1	-1	New items.
1	-4	New levels are horrible..
1	-1	New levels.
1	-1	New UI.
1	-4	New update is terrible This app as 5* all the way until the update ... the crop feature is terrible now
2	-1	New Update!.
1	-1	New update.
1	-2	New updates force close...
1	-4	New version is terrible.
1	-1	New Version Not Good.
1	-1	New version.
1	-2	Newest version has menu problems.
1	-1	Next there needs to be a clear cache option.
3	-1	nice great, since now groupchat supporting up to 30... however, when will voice-call via internet available?
2	-1	Nice app Does evrythng gud except tht red eye optn doesnt fnctn properly
3	-1	Nice for travel!
3	-1	Nice for viewing, but not so great for making updates.
2	-1	Nice nice Its nice that I can edit pics.
2	-1	nice of chting with ppl ilike being on this ntwrk
2	-1	Nice to used when you are looking for restaurants and or safe places to visits when I'm abroad.
2	-1	Nice UI
2	-1	No Daily Reward Coming.
2	-1	No Forums?!.
2	-1	No Galaxy Gear support Please create an app for Galaxy Gear.
1	-1	No Gallery.
2	-1	No good for the business owner..
2	-1	No longer able to hide the file list, so you don't have full screen displayed like previous version.
1	-1	No longer can play music.
1	-1	No major disadvs found up to now but I would at least add other output formats (only PNG, JPG currently available).
2	-1	No more options for styling as paragraph or section?!!.
1	-1	No notes showing up.
1	-1	No preview.
2	-1	No Saved Trips.
1	-1	No standalone mode?.
1	-1	No storage issues with other apps... Galaxy S3
1	-1	No sync issues.
2	-1	None of the new flags added are working please work on that ASAP
1	-1	Not a fan of the new level.
1	-1	Not a huge fan of the update before last with the different gameplay style.
1	-1	Not able to synchronise after a month of installing the program so unable to back up my info.
1	-1	Not driven by advertising.
1	-1	Not fully synchronized with website.
1	-1	Not good app, doesn't do the website justice.
1	-1	Not just the first word in the tag.
1	-1	Not showing or even suggesting located areas
2	-1	Not so useful any more.. With the latest update you can no longer download ePub files to iBooks.
1	-2	Not thrilled with iOS 7 version.
1	-2	Not thrilled with the recent update.
1	-1	Not to mention that announcements, which are essentially ads, now occupy the app's prime real estate.
1	-1	Not user intuitive.
1	-1	Not working with iOS7.0.3.
3	-1	Note 2 Very good messanger.
1	-1	Note size limit???.
2	-1	Note sorting and text-friendly organization (i.e., lists) have been thrown out the window for a shiny interface and lots of icons and flashy graphics.
1	-2	Note, some of my problems may be related with some incompatibility of iPad2 with iOS7.
1	-1	Notes from the kids' school and organizations get photographed and organized in one notebook.
1	-1	Notes.
1	-1	Nothing worked.
1	-1	Now I can read and work on documents no matter where I am.
1	-1	Now I can read huge files on the iPad.
1	-4	Now looks terrible.
1	-2	Now my notes vanish randomly and I keep getting a sync error.
1	-3	Now the app completely refreshes at start up, which gets annoying sometimes.
1	-1	Now they have a new mapping thing that you have to say if you want to use every pin.
4	-1	Now using on my Nexus 5, still awesome!
1	-1	Now when I select all notes, it opens to a specific note and freezes when I try to go back.
1	-1	O sugest an puch notification in iphone  whem a file is added.
1	-1	Occasional User.
1	-1	Occasionally need to give it a minute but that is more a reflection of connection speeds out in the boonies.
1	-1	Office documents.
1	-1	Offline.
1	-4	Ohohoh shockwave blow my mind out!!
1	-3	Ok. Well this annoying million dollar mobile game does not provide challenging mind games but people buy this game all the time sigh.......
3	-1	Older versions of this app used to allow me to preview word, excel and pdf documents.
3	-1	Omg..You can do so much on this app.. One of the best photo editor!
2	-2	On design flaws: you can't create a new notebook in the app mode, the interface is quite rigid and doesn't flow like the rest if apples iOS, you can't add notebooks to the shortcut section (though you can delete them..), and so on.
2	-1	On four devices!.
1	-1	On the newest version I can find no way to see th entire file name.
3	-1	On the other hand I do like that I can view and share excel documents.
3	-1	Once I learned to use the notebook/multiple tag search I was very pleased with the new update.
1	-1	One feature they should add is being able to import multiple photos to camera roll, then it be better.
1	-1	One is full screen mode.
2	-1	One of my favourite if not the favourite social networking sites Use it every day to find and store lots of interesting and lovely things
1	-1	One place for to do lists.
2	-1	One suggestion: if I have automatic photo upload on and download a photo to my phone's camera roll (say, for #TBT), don't automatically re-upload it to Camera Imports!
1	-2	Only complaint is being able to change the picture that represents your boards.
1	-1	Only one issue, I cannot access my mp3, aiff, and WAV files.
1	-2	Only problem is icons on upper left of screen get in the way and hide the bird.
1	-2	Only problem that it freezes and shuts down frequently.
1	-1	Only showed sliding logo's
1	-1	Only thing that would make it better if the updates came faster.
2	-1	Open in Dropbox and save on your mobile device.
1	-1	Open in for music files?.
3	-2	Other than that one problem this is a great app also I like the fact that if you download a picture from the app onto the iPhone it doesn't auto upload the picture so you have 2 copies of the same photo in the auto upload folder.
3	-1	Other than that, I am very happy with the experience.
2	-2	Otherwise ill take back that 1 star also:p
3	-1	Otherwise, good for the basics!
1	-1	Otherwise, I'd rate dropbox as 5 stars.
2	-1	Overall good maneuverability.
2	-1	Payements Good but why can't it be free like skype?
1	-1	PC, laptops , droid, tablet, two iPhones and one set of reference documents on all of them for myself and the wife.
1	-1	PDF viewer is a game changer...almost..
1	-1	PDFs, Word docs, and videos all were viewable in the browser for them.
2	-1	Perfect Vry gud app for editing..plz add some more interesting frame..:-)
3	-2	Perfect boredom killer Plus great recipe filer/  project planner
3	-1	Perfect objective measurement of travel options!
1	-1	Photos won't upload.
3	-1	Picsart Awesome photo editor....
1	-3	pictures are not downloading and i am going to remove this app from my IPAD its worthless
2	-1	Pinning, sending, editing, and making new boards- easy to use!
4	-1	Pinterest Its an excellent and easy way to post what you're doing.
5	-1	Pintrest is a magnificent app, because it is very helpful when I want to save websites, photos, and recipes!
2	-1	Plan all my trips with trip advisor!
1	-1	Platform.
2	-1	Please add COPY RENAME to folders and files.. You guys have already put MOVE SHARE DEL, why you guys do not allow us to COPY RENAME???????????????
2	-1	Please add more clip arts.
3	-1	Please add scroll bar and useful word search!!!.
3	-2	Please add some way to block pins from people I don't follow!
3	-1	Please add support for animated GIFs!
2	-1	Please add the ability to rename files, as well as the ability for gifs to play.
2	-1	Please add the dotted path again.
2	-1	Please bring back the old viewer, it was phenomenal.
2	-1	Please bring back the trajectory line or at least make it to where you can turn it on or off.
3	-1	Please change it to the older music or I'll delete it!
2	-1	Please clear the un starred files.
2	-1	Please consider changing the background music.
2	-4	PLEASE don't give me Star Wars Bad Piggies!
3	-1	Please fix This app use to work great but now it wont open up to the effects.
2	-1	Please fix so we can resize the column boundaries, as with many other apps.
2	-1	Please fix the new color splash effect
2	-1	Please fix the syncing issues with the iPad app.
2	-1	Please go back to levels like in the beginning.
2	-1	Please go back to the formula that worked.
2	-1	Please help on the new update every time I try and go on birds of a feather it keeps taking me out.
2	-1	Please include the option to view thumbnail larger while viewing in the photo folder.
3	-1	Please just increase the upload limit..... That will be very useful......
2	-1	Please make it compatible for iPod 4th generation?????????????????????????
2	-1	Please offer a different storage system for photos and video for power users.
2	-1	Please please do not put a back "home" button at the top where people are used to hitting back.
3	-1	Please please fix this!!
2	-1	please support older IOS.
2	-1	Please update your app to support iOS 6 as well.
1	-1	Plus I really don't like this new theme music.
1	-1	Plus when I am looking at an area I want to see all that's around it not just the town.
2	-1	Plus, can you add the function, like Twitter, to switch between accounts?
1	-4	Poor Compatibility and Terrible Design.
1	-2	Poor on iPhone.
1	-3	Poor user interface design!.
1	-3	Poor:(:( Need updates for Android!
1	-3	Pop-ups go crazy on the iPhone 5!
3	-1	Practical, easy to use, beautiful  design / user experience, use it multiple times per day.
1	-1	Premium with ads?
1	-1	Pressing "Upload Here" freezes the app and crashes it on the next open.
3	-1	Prettier but not quite as easy to use.
5	-1	Priceless!.
1	-2	Problems syncing and opening notes.
1	-2	Problems Viewing PDF on iPad.
3	-1	Productive and amazing.
1	-1	Productivity Increase.
1	-1	Purchase If you remove the purchase i will rate 5 stars
1	-1	Push notifications.
1	-1	Push the button on the reviews and it is taking a coffee break.
1	-1	Put some flexibility in the width of the display for those of us who use files with longer names.
2	-1	Put the info on one device and you have it on all your devices!
1	-2	Quit working for all practical purposes.
1	-1	Quite a new gameplay but should've been introduced as a separate game.
1	-1	Read this rovio.
1	-1	Real people; real reviews.
1	-1	Real reviews.
4	-1	Really good physics based game that's also kind of a puzzle game!
1	-5	Really hate the new leaderboard.
1	-1	Really time consuming..
1	-1	recent update.
1	-1	Recently the game would auto send me to other websites.
1	-1	Red not fun.
1	-3	Red's Crappy Feathers.
1	-1	Reds mighty feathers.
1	-1	Refresh Button 3.
1	-2	Refuses to sync
1	-1	Reliable reviews, location-aware.
1	-1	Reliable.
1	-1	reminders.
1	-1	REQUIRES iOS 7.
1	-1	Reuploads.
3	-1	Reviews are great but Tilripadvisor reads them first.
2	-1	Reviews are so helpful.
3	-1	Reviews from veteran travelers and review writers are very helpful.
1	-1	Robust editing on Mac, online allow workarounds.
1	-4	Rovio ID = TERRIBLE.
1	-1	Running iOS7.
1	-1	Runs smoothly and gives you everything you expect from Pinterest.
3	-1	Runs super smooth on my Galaxy III.
1	-1	Same shots often yield different results.
1	-2	Samsung Gt-i8262 Facing problem while attaching image, audio or video files.
3	-1	Saved my photos!.
2	-1	Saved trips.
2	-1	Says to update, but won't!
1	-1	Seamless integration everywhere ..
1	-1	Search file contents,  3.
1	-1	Search.
1	-1	Seeing the full names of those files is sort of important.
1	-1	Seek the experiences and comments of those before you first then make your own conclusions.
1	-2	Select all...what the hell happened to that basic functionality??.
1	-1	Send to Dropbox option no longer available in Apps.. What happened?
1	-2	Separate notebooks make keeping all pieces of a project together regardless of media.
2	-1	Seriously needs a way to sort so folders are on top like normal.
2	-1	Seriously, everything I want and need to do and all the ways I want to take notes--annotated and tagged images clippings, articles, news reports, etc--offered in a nicely bound package that helps keep organized.
1	-3	Shame I can't view animated gif files though.
1	-3	Shame on Evernote's QC group (if they even have one)
3	-3	Shameless plus here - works great combined with Ifttt to move post record things on calendar emails contacts via spreadsheet or special folders.
1	-1	Sharing.
1	-1	she assured me picsart would be easy.... it did take me a while to figure it out (and even longer to find out I could see other pics too) but now I don't send or post pics without using it.
1	-3	Shockwave stuff is garbage.
1	-2	Should get a 4.5 for that reason but it would be unfair to rate this a 4 b/c of those minor limitations.
1	-4	Simple actions are painfully slow.
1	-1	Simple and Organized.
1	-1	Simple to complex strategy and puzzle game.
1	-1	Simple to use.
1	-1	Simple, easy to use note taking app.
1	-2	Simple, just what I needed to make transferring certain photos from phone to computer and vice versa simple.
1	-1	Simplifies  Life.
3	-1	Simply brilliant!
1	-1	Since I signed out of it, every time I launch AB it redirects me to the Game Center, demanding I sign back on.
1	-1	Since new update 2.1 on Feb 15th, I get a splash screen followed by a crash.
1	-1	Since the update, it won't backup to Dropbox.
1	-1	Since updating to iOS7 and latest update of Evernote the spell check feature is not there any longer.
1	-1	Site then froze when I needed to export.
1	-1	sleek simple design.
2	-1	Smart and up to date :)
1	-1	So creative and unique.
3	-1	So easy to customize a photo the whole family enjoys it
1	-1	So far, those who use and rate places are very fair and honest.
1	-1	So finding restaurants near you hard.
1	-1	So I reset my password, being careful to check spelling, etc.
2	-1	so many commercials is making the  game slow to load and also makes it slow when playing.
2	-1	So many things:  Automatic photo/video upload, iPhoto import, works with the Mailbox app, shared folders, photo aggregation on the website and mobile, the ability to store files only on the cloud (saves space on my Mac from old files)...  ...and the obvious things like having everything backed up in real-time, and accessibility of my files from anywhere.
2	-1	So much useful information.
1	-1	So, I wish I could play, but the game crashes when I try to open a level.
2	-2	Some of the levels were tough to get three stars but that's due it challenging and fun.
1	-1	Some simple suggestions to increase usability
1	-1	Some simple suggestions to increase usability:  1.
1	-1	Some simple suggestions to increase usability:
1	-1	Some simple suggestions to increase usability:1
3	-1	Some things I'd really like to see are the albums I created on Dropbox.com.
1	-1	Sometimes editing notes is slow, that's why I give 4 stars.
1	-1	Sometimes gets really hard though.
1	-1	Sometimes I listened to mp3 files I have on Dropbox.
1	-1	Sometimes it just doesn't open.
1	-1	Sometimes it opens up but then while going back and forth between notes or notebooks it simply gets stuck and doesn't respond to any finger taps or actions.
1	-1	Sometimes it spools but not very often.
1	-1	Sometimes not all notes are available when not on wireless network.
1	-4	Sometimes whenever I play Angry Birds, I can't stand with losing cause it can be hard sometimes cause the green pigs can be hard to get.
3	-1	Songs .. group chat ... great aap .. works perfectly ..
3	-1	Spent many hours successfully transporting pictures.
1	-2	Stale copies of PDF files hang around.
1	-3	Star Wars & A.G. Space because this just cuts the b**ls off everything that made the game a global phenom.
3	-1	Started out great....
1	-1	Starts without letting you minimize, then wont  let you position the bird until several seconds have passed.
1	-1	Still can't triforce.
2	-1	Still CAN'T UPLOAD VIDEOS!!!.
1	-1	Still cannot change file names.
3	-1	Still enjoy the black exploding birds - the finality they offer.
2	-1	Still good game and I also like the cartoons.
1	-1	Still learning.
2	-1	Still like the game, the pop up adds, not so much.
1	-1	Still no folder refresh.
2	-1	Still no gallery in Camera Upload mode !
2	-1	Still no long file name support on iPad, why?
1	-1	Still some work to do to allow additional font sizes and such for items created on iPhone.
1	-1	Still waiting.
1	-1	Stopped working with dolphin.
1	-1	Storing recipes 2.
1	-3	Stupid little piggies!
1	-2	Stupid update.
1	-2	Stupid.
1	-1	Sub-folders/notebook.
2	-1	Such a huge diversity of focus areas like restaurants, hotels, and attractions along with a huge user base which increases the value of the app exponentially.
1	-1	Such as Sync Now and Search.
1	-2	Sucks?.
1	-1	Suddenly I am off and running, saving and accessing info on everything from learning disabilities to salad dressings.
1	-1	Suggest graded levels of subscription
3	-1	Super Very very Nice to oparate
3	-1	Super easy to add notes still.
3	-1	Super easy to keep notes organized.
3	-1	Super simple layout and easy to use on mobile device.
2	-1	Support for cbr and cbz files.
2	-1	Support will ignore you.
1	-1	Sure, I understand he was watching toons.
3	-1	Sweeeet The best picture editor I have got
1	-1	Switched to a Samsung Galaxy Note 2 after an iPhone and noticed the option to switch off timestamps is unavailable on Samsung devices.
1	-3	Sync fail.
1	-2	Sync seems broken..
3	-1	Syncs great with desktop.
2	-1	Syncs perfectly.
1	-1	Tags, location, etc.
1	-1	Takes a long time to master each game.
1	-1	Takes forever to apply effects very slow
1	-3	Takes forever to load, and search and filter options either partially or entirely fail.
1	-4	Terrible new red feather update.
5	-1	Terrific resource!.
2	-1	Thank's for app,but can you add offline mod?for exmple i want save one video in my iphone,and after that play it with VLC
2	-1	Thanks to all who take the time to provide reviews.
3	-1	Thanks TripAdvisor!
1	-1	That is not the case with Trip Advisor- it works just like the website.
1	-1	That moment I figured out I could transfer photos from my iPhone to laptop faster via dropbox than plugging my phone into the USB port.
1	-1	That's really important...
1	-1	The ability to access and take notes on my computer, phone or tablet is incredibly convenient.
1	-1	The ability to pick up and retry gives the game yet another 5 stars.
1	-2	The ability to search notes and PDFs makes old-fashioned pen and paper obsolete.
3	-1	The ability to sort and organize by color would be wonderful.
1	-2	The ad for the electrified bomb bird randomly appears and causes me to use one.
3	-2	The all notebooks search works fine, as does the tag search breakdown.
1	-1	The app has an incomprehensible and un-modifyable sorting function.
1	-1	The app in iPhone needs important issue "share via email"
1	-1	The app keeps crashing on my iPod 4th gen ever since the new update.
1	-1	The app makes finding hotels with reviews a breeze.
1	-1	The app needs to be fixed random crashes and glitchy performance.
2	-1	The app present good features, but there is a lot of bugs and missing some hotkeys to make the writing easier.
3	-1	The app used to work great, but now it keeps freezing and I can't get into my  notes.
1	-1	The app will not update and is stuck about 3/4 of the way done.
3	-1	The app would be great with two "features".
1	-3	The automatic upload feature is ridiculous as there is no intuitive or easy way to stop it.
2	-1	The best Messenger app ever
1	-1	The camera upload on this app is really glitchy and it's not letting me put any of my pictures on it.
1	-1	The card view is still there, you just have to (gasp) look for a sec.
3	-1	The characters are clever and I love how simple and intuitive the gameplay is.
3	-1	The characters are clever, I love the title music, and the storyline is original and creative.
2	-3	The constant interruptions and harassment's to buy something took the fun out of the game.
1	-1	The convenience of saving web info, documents from airline itineraries to e-tickets to office documents to photos, etc.
3	-2	The cross-platform access to your notes on the cloud is brilliant and a HUGE time saver!
1	-1	The current version doesn't show all files in dropbox.
1	-1	The deal breaker is you can't check in on a location.
1	-1	The Done button is not working.
1	-1	The drawback that I've encountered is though it offers labels it doesn't offer folders.
1	-1	The export feature only works on certain videos....
2	-1	The fact it works on pc platforms is a real bonus!
4	-1	The fact that you can search within folders is extremely useful, and makes accessing files on the go far more convenient.
1	-1	The fact that you get all the info you need for your trip is the most important thing when traveling
1	-1	The file folder UI can be clunky but under the covers this app delivers.
1	-1	The fx, editing, collage.... Everything is just so handy.
1	-1	The game crashed and deleted all my progress.
1	-1	The game is number 1 for a reason.
1	-1	The GPS feature is a bit off.
4	-1	The graphics are adorable.
1	-1	The highlighting of words works but the menu that pops up to copy, cut, paste etc.. Won't stay open long enough to be used
4	-1	The instant syncing between computer and phone is fantastic!
3	-1	The integration with Penultimate is pleasing for those who still wish to "write" rather than type.
1	-1	The inverted colors of the icon induce retinal after images, and in-app, the whiteout is hard on the eyes.
1	-1	The latest update makes your app slick and quick.
1	-1	The latest version is clunky and buggy.
1	-4	The latest version of Angry Birds forces me to use the Game Center.
1	-3	The layout is very clean but it fails to load editing settings or feedback components.
1	-1	The main issue I have with this app is that there isn't a keep me logged in feature.
1	-1	The map view does not work and the "near me" function dissapered.
3	-1	The most amazing app, for sure the most used on my iPad, however I liked some features of the older version, please bring back the option to make Paragraph headers and subsections.
1	-1	The new design fits in well with iOS7, but it would be better if there was an option to rename files and folders.
1	-3	The new interface seems to have buried things I want most.
1	-4	The new level of Angry Birds featuring Bad Piggies is simply awful, the interface is not responsive to touch & it takes away the intellectual application of physics & strategy that makes Angry Birds unique in phone/tablet gaming.
1	-1	The new levels are not fun.
4	-1	The new PDF reader is AWESOME!
2	-1	The new UI for viewing photos and video needs improvement to return to the way it was.
3	-1	The new update is amazing from a content perspective.
4	-1	the new update, the fifteen levels are truly amazing!
1	-1	The new ver.7 won't sync with my account.
1	-1	The new version of Evernote is okay.
1	-3	The notes, bullet points, spacing, numbering all fail when i transfer to Word and other systems.
2	-1	The only draw-back I see is when I'm using pinterest, time goes by sooo fast....
2	-1	The only piece missing in this is, when we go to the folder where we want to save the file it does not show a preview of the content if the folder.
3	-2	The only problem I've had is that if i turn my phone sideways, the screen gets messed up and i have to exit out of the app....please fix!
1	-2	The only reason 4 stars instead of 5 - lack of 3-4 editing choices when entering text on my Iphone (features available in other apps,   i.e.
3	-4	The only reason my language is still G rated is the hope that others will see this review and save themselves the time and suffering.
1	-1	The only thing I long for is collaboration on notes.
1	-1	The only thing it's missing is being able to change the cover photos on the boards.
1	-1	The only thing that I wish it had is a date driven "to-do" or reminder.
1	-1	The only thing to make it better is to have the ability or export videos to your camara roll
1	-1	The option to download is grayed out.
3	-2	The organization makes different notebooks inaccessible; I liked when I could slide tabs of folders and I'd love to be able to customize the tabs.
2	-1	The people I follow page isn't working properly, the images disappear and nothing happens when it's refreshed!
4	-2	The pigs in vehicles didn't thrill me in the Bad Piggies game and don't here.
1	-1	The plus side: there are tons of levels.
4	-1	The real photos are very helpfull !
1	-1	The reason is because I start downloading the whole file, then start streaming it.
2	-1	The redesign is interesting.
1	-1	The restaurant reviews are invaluable in navigating the options available in the area.
3	-1	The reviews and forums are great trip tools.
2	-1	The reviews are usually up to date so I can trust the opinions to be accurate of the information i need now.
1	-1	The reviews by others seem to be in line with my experiences at the places reviewed.
1	-2	The star rating thing today is plain boring I would like to see the star rating music again
3	-1	The synching ability among so many platforms was great.
3	-1	The syncing is great.
1	-2	The text formatting makes it virtually impossible to create a note with any form of rich text, bullets, numbered lists, indentation, etc.
1	-1	The trip advisor app is very easy to navigate and contains a wealth of information at your fingertips.
3	-1	The typing could be faster but Still great app.
3	-1	The update is great and the retina display is a welcomed addition.
1	-1	The user content is generally well done, but often the extremes can pull it one way or another.
1	-2	The user interface is hard to read and is now just a cluttered mess...
1	-2	The way it travels seamlessly between my devices allows me to jot down the vaguest impression of a thought and expand on it later.
4	-1	The way it updates it self is great!
3	-1	The way it's set up is amazing.
3	-1	Their generous monthly allotment of new storage space is incredible!
1	-1	Then discovered all the related features which included rich info on local eateries and things to see and do.
1	-1	Then on the board food you could have a sub board for dessert.
1	-2	Then the uncontrollable birds came..
1	-2	Then they add the stupid cartoon thing.
1	-1	Then you have to go back to search, and zoom in from a global view.
1	-3	Then, with each update, the app got slower and slower and frankly, uglier and uglier.
1	-1	There are no links to see websites of hotels, restaurants, activities, etc...
1	-1	There are so many pop up ads that you can hardly play the game.
1	-1	There are still tower defense levels on my phone.
2	-3	There is no font control, editing is random and buggy, slow as molasses, and unreliable-- when you take time to write a paragraph, you want 100% confidence EverNote will not crash midway, or you get Synchronization Fail and thus lose your work.
2	-1	There is no sense of accomplishment for completing a level.
1	-1	There is no way to navigate Camera Uploads with any amount of speed and efficiency.
1	-1	There is no way to resize the file list to make more of the files visible.
1	-2	There seems to be a bug in the search function for notebooks, when you do a search in a specific notebook.
1	-1	There used to be a format option/tab above the keyboard in the earlier version.
1	-1	There's no skill involved.
1	-3	There's so much to dislike about this craptastic abomination that I'm not even going to try.
2	-2	These new levels are insane, they need improvements so that we can actually aim at other stuff instead of just the pig, it's rigged
1	-1	They all sync.
1	-2	They are listed under the wrong name (usually by the one that is actually above it.
1	-3	They are very boring and require little strategy.
1	-3	They completely resigned the app for iOS 7.
1	-2	They did however manage to maintain the notebook names...unfortunately all of the notes within those notebooks were erased.
1	-1	They have a lot of room ideas for my girls.
1	-1	They have some silly new process to sell post it notes.
1	-1	They have to be selected one at a time.
1	-1	They need to show B&B , small inns .
1	-1	They review photos too.
1	-4	They should make a minecraft angry birds
2	-1	Things Dropbox needs.. Would be nice to have a grid view of photos other than just the auto upload of camera roll.
1	-1	Third "upgrade" in two days.
1	-1	This app is a must-have for those in the professional world.
3	-1	This app is grate for planning va-kays and activities and restaurants awesome
3	-1	This app is great but the only thing I don't like is that that it freezes a lot and doesn't load all of my pictures
3	-1	This app is pretty good, but it could use the info like Overview, Weather & When to go info, etc.
3	-1	This app is really useful for having access to documents while I'm out.
1	-1	This app keeps crashing as its loading my document.
4	-1	This app makeup so easy to take great notes and I really like being able to record audio of someone speaking wile I'm typing notes!
1	-1	This challenging app took me about 2 hours to complete 3 stars for each level for the first 21 levels in Poached Eggs.
1	-1	This feature should be optional.
4	-1	This game has an excellent replay value.
1	-1	This game has tons of levels, action, and it keeps updating.
3	-3	This is a fantastic desktop & laptop tool but with no search or text file editing/creation on the iPhone, it is almost useless on that platform.
3	-1	This is a great application with accurate information and advise.
2	-1	This is a must have game for your iPhone, iPod, or smartphone.
3	-1	This is a very good and reliable resource.
3	-1	This is a wonderful app that enables users to write about whatever they need in a variety of ways on a variety of devices.
4	-1	This is an overall great update and had made more quickness and also just a smoother running app , tripadvisor itself is the best app to find a restaurant or hotel that suits your needs , love the consistent users and current up to date reviews only draw is the distance filter is no longer there so it sets 50 mi radius bit far when u want to go 20 or less but besides that amazing!
2	-3	This is annoying even though that i like all the games but if it keeps telling me its installing and it is not thats unacceptable.
2	-1	This is crashing every time I attempt to open something saved.
2	-1	This is d best app ever but can anyone tell me how to turn off ur last seen ?
1	-2	This is manipulative and I didn't pay for this game to get a  feature that keeps bugging me to spend money.
1	-1	This is still worth the 99 cents - only for the original levels....
3	-1	This is the best app ever Many selections...just the best out there nd its FREE!
2	-1	This is the best business productivity tool.
2	-1	This is the single most useful app I have ever used.
1	-1	this move is apparently irreversible and I can no longer see the photos I took of passages from the book I have read, which I was planning to quote/cite later.
2	-1	This new episode is just stupid!
3	-1	This new layout is awesome.
1	-2	This new release with eggs, "bad piggies" vehicles and new 3 star philosophy has Ruined the app.
1	-1	This provided the ability to do many formatting changes to notes you take.
1	-1	This update would be a step up if you could actually see PDF's with it....
2	-1	This used to be my favorite app but now when i try to search something nothing related to my search comes up.
3	-2	This version is making me lose my confidence that my notes are actually being saved!
1	-1	This version no longer does that.
1	-1	This version still has a marketplace  full of ads I can't hide, and the image attachment only shows me pics from September and earlier..
1	-2	This Website is a Fraud.
3	-1	This works wonderful on my iPhone 4S.
1	-2	Throw birds at buildings to kill pigs.. Nintendo has better games for casual gamers.
4	-2	Time lapse can easyliy be capture with this awesome app i actually dont use this app to edit pics but only to capture full resolution pics which can further be used to make a timelapse.....:D :D :D I am damn happy with this app !
1	-1	Tips Galore.
1	-1	To play one it takes you to an internet browser, then to youtube.
2	-1	Tons of fun&challenging.
1	-1	Totally different game.
1	-1	Trip planning tool.
1	-1	TripAdvisor let's us know how we are doing through our clients candid comments.
2	-1	True you can ask to see your saved hotels in say only Chicago, but if you then want to look for your saved restaurants in Chicago, you have to do a second sort.
1	-2	Try bringing in different animals to shoot the pigs or something, stop brining in more power ups etc
2	-1	Trying to automate it would be good if it worked, but it doesn't.
1	-1	Trying to sign in & write review.
1	-2	Turn off camera upload in settings or click cancel instead of enable during initial setup.
1	-1	Type in a name and not one board nor pin of the person or the thing appears.
1	-1	Ubiquitous.
1	-3	Ugly redesign, poor UX.
1	-1	Unable to login.
2	-1	Unable to save forum posts that are the most useful suggestions when out on a trip.
1	-2	Unauthorized Charges.
1	-1	Unconditionally 5 star.
3	-2	Unfortunate I love this app but I keep having trouble updating.
1	-1	Unresponsive on iPad.
1	-1	Until the last update.
1	-1	Unusable.
1	-2	Update Error.
3	-1	Update I'm using a Samsung galaxy S4 now and pinterest is still great.
1	-1	Update, I just deleted because it always tries to log you into Game Center.
1	-1	Update.
1	-1	Update: I really do not like the new tab-based interface.
1	-1	Updated and lost all my notes.
1	-1	Updated app can't view PDFs.
1	-1	Updated in real time.
1	-1	Updated to the latest version and...now all my Microsoft word documents won't open in the app, so I can't view anything.
1	-1	Updated: I see the suggestion is to delete and reinstall
1	-1	Updates.
1	-1	Upgrade is a downgrade.
1	-1	Upgraded to 3 stars.
1	-1	Upload videos has been fixed for me.
1	-1	Use it frequently to find local restaurants and tourist traps.
1	-1	use it on the go but also to store travel info to easily access.
1	-1	Use it on-the-go to look up restaurants and use it to research all our trips.
2	-1	Use to be good until I cannot open any office documents.
2	-1	Used to be a good application with ability to search cities you haven't yet reached and filter by rating as well as proximity; however those features have been replaced with functionality focused on marketing hotels.
2	-1	Used to be a good game, now since upgrade it locks up every time I try to play.
3	-1	Used to be great Now I cannot see anything from the people or boards I'm following.
1	-4	Used to be my most used app, but now it's a pain to find hotels when searching a geographical location.
1	-1	Used to find lodge in Amazonia, judge restaurant options in London ...
3	-1	Useful Awesome application and useful.
3	-1	Useful Awesome way to discover  new stuffs
2	-1	Useful & time-saving.
2	-1	Useful, reliable, and easy to use.
2	-3	Useless - no iPhone 3GS support.
1	-1	User experience.
2	-1	User-friendly and chock full of good info.
1	-2	Using it to read up on the places we will be going both before we booked for the reviews, and after booking for tips and tricks.
1	-1	v7 does not sync.
1	-4	very addictive, a little slow though!
2	-1	Very convenient for moving files without connecting to a computer!
1	-1	Very different gameplay.
1	-1	Very disconcerting on a 4th gen device.
1	-1	Very easy to find how to get to your destination.
1	-1	Very easy to use and quick.
5	-1	Very Enjoyable!!
1	-1	Very entertaining and educational.
3	-1	Very good It is only showing chek stesus
3	-1	Very good app I wish it can work with two number in same phone or work with dual sim card for both number when it will be Work for dual sim card mobile plz.
2	-1	Very handy useful tool for syncing and sharing files..
4	-2	Very helpful great to have it but why some review they are not publish in here, I wrote negative regarding, Best Westen hotel in Myrtle Beach, they dont want to publish.
3	-1	Very helpful to find good restaurants and hotels
3	-1	Very helpfull.
4	-1	Very nice app for check restaurant hotel and more, very attentive !!!
1	-2	Very slow to no response to photo paging requests, lack of hotel search facility for a given city and incomplete searches for hotels.
1	-2	Very slow uploading, and poor background uploading :( does it really need 3h to upload several megabyte video over 10 Mbit internet ?
4	-1	Very trustworthy and reliable!
3	-1	Very useful when on the road to find the best places.
4	-1	Very useful!.
3	-1	Very useful.
2	-1	Very user friendly and easy to navigate.
2	-1	Very user friendly.
3	-1	Very VERY Helpful..
3	-2	Video playback sucks This is a wonderful app minus the videos.
1	-1	Video.
1	-1	Videos loading.
2	-1	Videos stopped playing.
1	-1	View reviews I've written.
1	-1	Waiting for iCloud saving...
1	-1	WAV files need wifi to play.
1	-1	Way too much white space which is hard on the eyes.
1	-1	We are planning a trip to New York.
3	-1	We have found some really good places to eat that we would not have known about.
1	-3	We need a way to display our photos once we have stored them; right now it is a giant useless folder.
1	-1	We only went to restaurants rated by TA.
4	-1	We really enjoy this app while traveling.
2	-1	We should be able to do text documents!
1	-1	We'll see.
1	-1	Web clipping.
1	-1	Well worth the price.
2	-1	Well, couldn't ask for more... but you, please, don't stop introducing more updates...
1	-1	Well, one of these updates inserted adverts into the game.
3	-1	What a great aop
1	-3	What I DON'T like is that ridiculous Game Center garbage.
1	-1	What I don't like is the time it takes to download pics and that in order to download I have to always be connected to the Internet, this keeps the pics from downloading some times when I am away from wifi.
2	-1	What's up with having to retype search criteria after I hit back?
2	-1	What's up with the searching?
1	-1	Whatever feature I think ought to be included eventually gets included: hi-lighting, sorting options, converting to plain text AND simplified HTML, ...
1	-1	Whatsapp It take much time to download..
1	-1	When I go to the 1st level, it crashes.
1	-1	When I launch the app, all I have is a black screen with a gray bar underneath.
1	-1	When I open it crashes my iPad
1	-5	When I open it I hate having to wait so long on the green elephant screen!
1	-1	When I'm trying to type, the keyboard will often cover where I'm trying to type.
1	-1	When importing things and putting it inside a folder the order is not how I want it.
1	-1	When it was just the Mighty Eagle for sale.
1	-1	When placing the cursor over text when the keyboard is open makes the text jump every where but where you want the cursor to be.
2	-1	When play the first level it crashes!!!!
1	-1	When the program did finally acknowledge me, the check marks would be delayed by about 2 seconds each as if it had to stop and sync between every gesture.
2	-2	When these unbalanced blocks are interacted with, they, too, do not behave like they should.
1	-1	When traveling away from home don't leave lodging and dining to chance.
1	-2	When you get serious about EverNote as a tool for work, send me an email.
1	-1	When you update this app, installing sequence is frozen.
1	-1	Whenever I click a level on my iPod touch, it crashes automatically.
1	-1	Where's the last level?
1	-1	Which there was a way to multi check pins When editing  (deleting or moving to another board) rather than having to do it one at a time.
1	-1	While the preview pane is still there the app just tells me the file name and size and does NOT display the content...
2	-1	While there are many ways to remotely store files, Dropbox is the best one due to it's vast number of ways to access your files.
2	-1	White white white!
1	-4	whiteout horrid on iPad.
2	-1	Who are you to say that I need to change my password!
1	-2	Why can't I sign into separate Drop Box accounts?
2	-2	Why did you drop support for earlier IOSs?
1	-1	Why did you invert the logo's colors?.
1	-1	Why did you remove open in option for music files?
1	-1	Why do we have to pay so much money to get access?
1	-1	Why does the facebook login require your life story.
1	-2	Why force landscape???.
1	-1	Why run at startup??
2	-5	Will continue playing Candy Crush until Angry Birds shows some much needed improvements!!
1	-1	Will not stop asking to connect to iTunes.
1	-1	Will not update since it's recent patch.
1	-1	Will watch for patches and post an updated review.
1	-1	Wish I could do handwriting on it.
1	-1	Wish I could do that in space and rio.
1	-1	Wish I could rename files.
1	-1	Wish it updated to google drive.
1	-1	Wish it would still show in vertical mode.
1	-1	Wish it would upload in background.
1	-1	Wish maps (locations of newer hotels were updated more).
1	-1	Wish more levels?
2	-1	Wish there was a way to save some of the photos though..
3	-1	Wish there were some animated smileys too.
1	-1	Wished for a better gps function
3	-1	With many people on it, it's great to find local places to eat & visit while you are away.
1	-1	With many stickers... Stay connected with ur frndz
2	-1	With three full time students in the house the affordable upgrade holds docs, data, music and more!
1	-1	Won't let me download it to my iPod.
3	-1	Won't let me view my excel spread sheets from my iPhone.
1	-1	Won't open.
3	-1	Wonderful but Could be better if all tools built-in and not depending upon the network connection
3	-1	Wonderful for exploring new places and your own backyard
1	-1	Word doc files won't open with latest iPhone app update.
4	-1	Works Excellent I love it
1	-1	Works in conjunction wirh Google Drive, File Manager, Documents....
1	-1	Works really smoothly and makes creating and retrieving notes easy.
1	-1	Works well for this.
1	-1	Works well, especially for saving files for offline use.
1	-1	Works..
1	-3	Worst... Atleast reply and help...
1	-3	Worst... since four days trying to register.. everytime they cut balnce for verification.. them send voice verification nd then fails that also ... crap .. negative star
1	-3	Worthless since iOS7 update.
3	-1	Would be fantastic if you could freehand and if the compatibility with wireless keyboards was more efficient.
3	-1	Would be great if age of property and renovation dates were included for hotels, too.
2	-1	Would be lost without the helpful reviews when deciding on hotels, restaurants and motor coach resorts.
2	-1	Would be nice if you could skip to the oldest/ newest Pics without scrolling thru each one.
2	-1	Would be nice to save my mobi files.
2	-1	Would benefit trying again.. Green interface doesn't look, or feel good.
1	-1	Would like to know what's near me.
1	-1	Would like to see a feature of putting Due Dates on some notes, so it becomes a task list too.
2	-1	Would love to see option to color code notes for us visual organizers.
2	-3	Would love to see the ability to set alarms and send reminders.
1	-3	Wrong minimum iOS!
1	-1	Wrote important document.
1	-1	You are able to access your materials on all of your devices & share with others either for the purpose of collaboration or simply dispersing information.
1	-1	You can a) select multiple files and b) download files from Dropbox to your phone, but you cannot do both at once.
1	-1	You can add pictures and audio to your notes, and I think you should be able to add videos, too.
4	-2	You can change a poor photography into a excellent one....
2	-2	You can close the window, but it will be back next level) I foolishly bought the giant eagle add-on (advertised as unlimited use) but now it requires a cool down time.
1	-1	You can send videos and photos.
1	-1	You can upload but cant download files to your phone.
1	-1	You can't even hit the "next" button to skip tracks.
1	-1	You can't play wave files at ease ..... What about cluster play.... 1 star till updated...  Why not have an export feature...
1	-1	You can't share folders?
3	-1	You had a great idea.
3	-1	You have access to restaurants, attractions, and hotels with reviews!
1	-1	You have to type in a cityor location.
3	-1	You make note taking fun and easy!
1	-1	You should be able to find cruises or turistic boats
1	-1	You should make more levels .
1	-1	You want to go back to find more points.
2	-1	Your customer service said this update would fix it!
2	-1	Zip file please.
